The question now is, are we facing a
bubble?
>> You cannot get away from the comparisons
to the late 1990s.
>> The market's done a little bit of work
here to take some of the froth out.
>> These companies have a ton of free cash
flow and very low leverage.
>> I don't have a huge concern as to big
tech running out of cash anytime soon.
This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan [music] Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and An Marie Hordern
>> live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, Bber Surveillance
starts right now. Coming to Thursday,
Nvidia [music] gets it done.
>> Sales are off the charts for Blackwell.
Business is very, very strong.
A solid beat helping to lift the cloud
hanging over US equities just as
investor [music] bets on more rate cuts
are continuing to crumble hours away
from the last jobs report before the
Fed's next meeting. That data just
around the corner
>> and very little else is going to follow
it. [music] And that I think is the big
tell. We're going to get that non-farm
payrolls coming up later this morning.
At the same time, we may get September
retail [music] sales on November 25th.
After that, crickets, crickets,
crickets. Probably nothing else major
before the next Fed meeting. And this
comes [music] as we heard that push back
in the Fed meeting minutes. Right now,
there is less than a 30% chance being
priced into Fed funds futures. [music]
The Federal Reserve is going to cut next
month down from more than 100% chance
before that October Fed meeting. [music]
>> The bias is to do nothing at the Federal
Reserve based on the communication we've
heard from Fed speakers and the Fed
minister yesterday afternoon. If the
bias is to do nothing and you have
limited data to change that point of
view, they're going to do nothing unless
we get a major downside surprise on the
jobs report later on this morning at
8:30 [music] Eastern time.
>> That's why some people are saying that
there is an asymmetric risk. You always
talk about how you learn something from
the data, something else from the market
reaction. Some people are saying that
there is a [music] bigger downside
potential for markets if this is an
upside surprise. [music] Try to twist
your head around that Stuart Kaiser. uh
if this is an upside surprise on
non-farm payrolls because it will imply
that the Fed will not have a reason to
cut [music] rates next month.
>> Yesterday we had the Bureau of Labor
Statistics come out talking about the
fact that there's not going to be an
October report. It's [music] all going
to bleed into November when we get some
update on the economy besides today. The
president that moment I looked down at
my Bloombergs a redhead cross said we
have more jobs today than we've ever had
in the history of the country. [music]
And I'm not going to speculate and I
don't want to be a conspiracy theorist,
but doesn't he get the payrolls report
the night before? Is there a chance he
saw what we were going to get today at
8:30 before he took the stage yesterday?
>> I can only share the estimates for you.
The median estimate this morning [music]
is 51K. The range is pretty wide. The
high is 105. The low is -20. For this
market this morning, it's all about
Nvidia. Nvidia in the pre-market higher
by around about 5%. A decent beat,
strong guidance. Nvidia has a story to
tell. It's a good story to tell. Is it
enough to rebuild confidence [music] in
this whole story?
>> Well, right now, yes. That seems to be
at least the answer. Momentarily, when
you take a look at [music] the read
through, not only from the likes of
Nvidia, but also Core Weeave and some of
the other names that have gotten beaten
up over the past couple of weeks. The
$500 billion number really caught my
attention. They were asked whether they
really still see $500 [music]
billion of orders tied to their Blackill
and Reuben chips through the end of next
year. [music] And their CFO said it
probably will exceed that. And that I
think really got people's attention.
Suddenly this was going to be the
biggest company or one of the biggest
companies out there by revenue, not just
in [music] market cap. What caught my
attention of course is Jensen Wang
talking to Ed Lelo last night. The most
important thing [music] are forecast on
China is zero. We still want to engage
with the Chinese [music] government. We
are still trying to engage with the US
government. That made it very clear he's
engaging with them. The president called
him out yesterday and told him to stand
up. You're doing such a fat [music]
fantastic job, Jensen. But it's not
working at the moment. They are not
selling those chips into China.
>> I think it's really important to draw a
distinction between the company and the
stock. The company was always going to
be okay. This earning story was always
going to be rock solid. Why? Because
their biggest customers are doing better
[music] than good and spending lots of
money and told us they'll spend even
more. This is about whether this is
enough to restore confidence in the
stock. This is enough [music] to shift
things back towards a better view of the
AI story because the AI story on a stock
level has broken down [music] in the
last month or so.
>> Yeah. This is why Jensen Huang was
saying, "I'm just not seeing what people
are talking about when they're concerned
[music] about us reaching the end of our
limit." And I agree with you. It doesn't
seem like this is a surprise that they
are going gang busters and that
everybody wants to buy their chips.
[music]
The bigger question is what does that
pipeline look like into the years to
come and can their customers afford to
[music] pay for it? And that I think is
a key question. You add to that the fact
that maybe the White House is pushing
[music] back against some of these curbs
on Nvidia to sell chips over to China.
Well, it gives you a pop. Nvidia in the
pre-market higher by 5%. A lot of stocks
rising [music] in sympathy. The stock
market is higher by 1% on the S&P 500.
Coming up this hour, we'll catch up with
Brian Levit of Invesco as stock snap a
4day slide, Angelo Zeno of CFRA as
Nvidia earnings reassure investors and
Andrew Honhorse of City on why December
rate cut hinges on this morning payroll
report. We begin this hour with stocks
rallying after Nvidia's blockbuster
[music] results. We're growing some 60%
a year. Just quarter to grow quarter
growth of our company is $10 billion. We
grew an entire size of a company just
from in one quarter. You're seeing an
exponential growth in the amount of
compute demand necessary for AI. Nvidia
topping sales forecast by roughly $3
billion. Shares up 5% this morning.
Joining us now is Brian Levit, chief
global market strategist over at
Invesco. Brian, good morning, sir.
>> Good morning.
>> Is this enough to restore confidence? I
think it is and you know we've we had
this period of time where all people
wanted to talk about were bubbles and
overvaluation. The reality is a lot of
that was hyperbole and comparisons to
1990s were hyperbole. This is in my
opinion enough to restore confidence and
you know we have to remember also some
of this slide also coincided with policy
uncertainty at the Federal Reserve and
volatility almost always emerges when
there's policy uncertainty. So I think
we'll start to restore some of that
confidence.
>> Well, let's take a step back. What's the
last few weeks actually been about?
What's been driving things and what are
these numbers this morning? What do they
change?
>> There's been a couple of things I would
say. One, the uncertainty around the
Federal Reserve where obviously if
you're if you're going to have changes
in where you think the discount rate is
going to be, that makes a pretty
significant difference particularly to
nonprofitable tech. So that coincided
with a slide in nonprofitable tech and
the market all of a sudden started to
become concerned about the investment
figures by some of these businesses that
were really shifting their narrative
like a Meta um or an Oracle. But you
know the reality is the fundamentals are
still sound. I'm not the first person to
say that a lot of this investment
spending is being driven by well
capitalized wellunded businesses.
Capital markets are still open and
available to those that are borrowing in
this space. So I I don't think this is a
bubble. I don't think it's a 2026 bubble
story. We we can assess it as we move
out into 27 and 28, but I think
investors were premature in assessing
that.
>> So we got the bubble word out of the
way. Let's just talk about whether the
leadership can still come from big tech
and whether we're looking at the same
dynamic in 2026 as what we've seen in
2025, which is big tech leads and
everything else bleeds. Essentially, the
rest of the economy kind of just chugs
along at this sluggish pace. Is that
kind of what you expect to continue? And
this is a great chance to go back into
tech because that's what's going to be
the leadership next year.
>> I think you could get some broadening.
I'm not suggesting that the global
economy is going to move to a new higher
sustained level of growth. And so if
that's the case, then growth stocks are
going to continue to perform well in
that environment. Where the hope lies
and what we would like to see in in 2026
is a pickup in leading indicators
globally back towards more of a trend
type of an environment. You'll get that
through some policy easing in the United
States, some policy support in Europe.
So that could help to continue to unlock
some of the value that exists in the
market. When I talk about value in the
market, China was a very deep value
market. You'd seen small caps pop a
little bit at at some points this year
on Fed easing. Emerging markets can do
well if the Fed is easing. So there are
opportunities elsewhere. But if if
you're looking out over the next, you
know, year, 18 months, and we're not
going to a new higher sustained level of
growth, then growth stocks should
continue to do well in that environment.
>> Does a Fed rate 25 basis point rate cut
matter that much? I mean, the idea that
a trillion dollars was taken off crypto
because the Fed's not going to cut by 25
basis points next month. I mean, you
just have to wonder, is that really
what's going on here, or is there
something deeper that gives you a sense
of kind of how things are shaping up and
what the Fed's role in it really is next
year?
>> Yeah. Well, I mean, there's this
expectation that the Fed's going to
bring the rates down towards neutral
fairly rapidly, or there was this
expectation, steepen the yield curve,
hopefully reacelerate parts of the
market that are more rate sensitive,
small caps get a bid in that
environment, more, you know, the larger
banks get a bid in that environment. So,
when you when you back that out, um,
valuations are going to adjust in
different parts of the market. So, I
don't think 25 basis points is the end
all beall in December. I think there's
some confusion around where the Fed is
going and where ultimately the neutral
rate is going to be. And we're we're
still in a bit of a restrictive
environment with regards to the funds
rate in a time when payrolls are
weakening. We'll see more today, but um
if you look at the ADP numbers, payrolls
are clearly weakening, inflation
expectations are contained, and so it's
sort of um confusing what you're hearing
out of the Federal Reserve. Is it
confusing to understand where the Fed is
going because we don't know who the
leadership is going to be next year?
>> There's part of that. Um although I
would expect that if the if the thought
is that more members from Trump's world
are coming into the Fed, you would think
the the impetus would be for rates to be
lower and I would think inflation
expectations would be moving out and
that is not the case. I think the
surprise here a bit is they're more
hawkish than would have been expected
and um and so inflation expectations are
actually going a bit lower here. So my
concern I've put inflation aside as a
concern my concern is on the growth side
we will get
>> even with $2,000 checks potentially.
Well, $2,000 checks could certainly
help, but there's an offset to that,
which is, you know, the price increases
from the tariffs are supposed to hit
households, you know, somewhere along
the lines of 15 to2500. So, I view that
more as an offset. I think of the
inflation story as a a one-off shock um
that probably isn't even as big of a
shock as some had feared where I worry
more I'd rather have 3% inflation than
5% unemployment. So I I would air on
that.
>> I think the Fed chair agrees with you.
Jim Biano of Biano Research has got a
great take on all of this. He thinks
that the recent push from the president
to put his own people on the Federal
Reserve has made this Federal Reserve
more independent, not less. And it's
emboldened some of the people on the
committee to express themselves even
more. In fact, if Governor Myron's going
out there doing his own speeches, doing
blogs, and being very outspoken, it's
actually pushing others to do exactly
the same thing, which is maybe one
factor, at least one factor behind some
of the disagreement, the public
disagreement we're seeing play out on
the committee.
>> Yeah. Which is difficult for the market
to really understand how to deal with,
right? Because what does that leave you
in terms of what the guide is going
forward? I agree with you though, and
some people would say this is welcome.
At the same time yesterday, the fact
that President Trump said the one thing
he's not happy about with Treasury
Secretary Scott Bessant is that the
rates aren't lower and that if he
doesn't get it in order soon, he's going
to fire his beep. And that to me is uh
really telling.
>> Going to spend some time on that in just
a moment. Brian Levit of Invesco is
going to stick with us. Amarie was in
the room when that statement was made.
We'll get her thoughts on all of that in
just a second as well. Let's get you an
update on stories worldwide this morning
with your Bloomberg brief. Let's cross
over to you for more. Hey you Hira. Good
morning, John. Shares of Nvidia are
rising [music] 5% in the pre-market. The
chip giant delivering an earnings beat
and boosting its revenue forecast. CEO
Jensen Wong saying demand remains robust
for the company's AI accelerators
[music]
and that sales of its Blackwell
Blackwell chips are quote off the
charts. Meanwhile, the delayed September
jobs report is due out [music] is due
out at 8:30 a.m. this morning. The
Bureau of Labor Statistics saying it
will not publish an October employment
report. They will incorporate those
payrolls figures into the November jobs
report set to be published on December
16th. [music] That's more than a week
later than originally scheduled and
after the Fed's final meeting [music] of
the year. And as you all were just
discussing, President Trump joked that
he would fire Scott Bessant if the
Treasury Secretary doesn't help secure
lower interest rates. Speaking at a US
Saudi investment event, Trump saying the
only thing Scott's blowing it on is the
Fed adding rates are too high, Scott,
and if you don't get it fixed fast,
[music] I'm going to fire you. That's
your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Yhara, thank you. Up next on a program,
take aim at the Fed.
>> I'd love to fire his ass. He should be
fine. Guy's grossly incompetent. You got
to work on him, Scott. The rates are too
high, Scott. And if you don't get it
fixed fast, I'm going to fire your ass.
Okay. And Marie was in the room. We'll
get her thoughts in just a moment. Plus,
Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall live from
Washington DC, from New York City this
morning. Good morning.
It's a stock to watch this morning.
Nvidia in the pre-market higher by
almost 5%. A lot of stocks running
alongside this move off the back of
earnings overnight. Strong earnings,
decent guide. Wedbush saying it matched
by side hopes. HSBC hoping it restores
confidence in the fuller trade. JP
Morgan [music] saying Nvidia is clearly
gearing up for further significant
upside. That move generating this move.
Equity [music] futures near session
highs up by more than 1% on the S&P. On
the NASDAQ 100, higher by 1.5. That's
the stock story in the bond market.
Yields a little bit higher at the front
end of the curve. Up a basis point. We
break back through 360663
[music]
under surveillance this morning. Taking
game at the Fed.
>> I'd love to fire his ass. He should be
fine. Guy's grossly incompetent and he
should be sued for spending $4 billion
to build a little building. You got to
work on him, Scott. The only thing
Scott's blowing it on is the Fed
because the Fed the rates are too high.
got and if you don't get it fixed fast,
I'm going to fire your ass. Okay,
>> so here's the latest this morning. The
president's frustration with the Federal
Reserve unlikely to fade anytime soon.
Rate cut bets crumbling as the BLS
indicates there will only be one more
jobs report before the Fed's next
meeting. AMH was in the room and Marie,
things went quiet with the Federal
Reserve. Things have picked up this
week.
>> Absolutely. The president is clearly
very frustrated with going on at the
Federal Reserve and he said this in the
Oval Office when I asked him. He said it
yesterday to an audience which people
laughed but then looked around like is
he seriously thinking about firing the
Treasury Secretary who the he then went
on to say Scott Bessant is the one that
keeps telling him sir please don't fire
him don't fire him he has three months
left and then he said you know Howard
Lutnik is more of that individual who
says yes sir get him Trump's words get
him the hell out of there. So this seems
to be a little bit more of insight we
got from the president on the debate
that's going on behind the scenes.
>> Can you just imagine that headline drop
it across the Bloomberg terminal how
this market would respond? Yeah,
>> if the Treasury Secretary left, never
mind the Fed chair
>> tenure yields would spike and you would
see a market sell off dramatically. It
would not be exactly an easy response or
digestion period. Trump knows this cuz
he also said Bessant has been a a voice
of reason. You're very lucky to have
him. And I think at that moment he
realized, oh, there's some finance
people in the room. Maybe I need to make
sure they understood I was joking.
>> That's why none of this is happening.
None of this is happening. Bloomberg's
Tyler Kendall is down in Washington DC.
She joins us for more. Tyler, welcome to
the program. We've got a new schedule
from the BLS. Can you share it with us?
What we will get, what we won't get?
>> Yeah. Hey, John. Good morning. Well,
today's release is set to be the latest
comprehensive look into the labor market
ahead of the December meeting. As you
guys are outlining, it doesn't appear
that President Trump is going to let up
on his criticism or pressure of Fed
Chair Jerome Powell. Yesterday, the BLS
confirmed that it will not release a
standalone October employment report,
marking the first time that this has
happened, according to BLS archives that
go back to 1994.
Instead, the agency is going to release
the October payroll numbers rolled
[music] in to the November employment
report, but officials say that they're
unable to retroactively go back and
collect the household data, which means
that we will never see some critical
data like the unemployment rate for the
month. Instead, this combined report is
set to be released on December 16th,
which is one, a delay, and two, of
course, after after that December
meeting. It's going to be just one of
the lasting legacies of this historic
government shutdown [music] that we saw
come to an end, as we are still waiting
to see if or when we get the consumer
price index for October. But, John, amid
this lack of data, the White House is
trying very hard to reassure American
consumers that they have a grip on
affordability. This includes, of course,
that proposal for a $2,000 tariff rebate
check. But we have new reporting out
this week from Bloomberg News that
Republicans on Capitol Hill are pushing
back hard against this idea, saying that
they would instead want that money to go
towards reducing the deficit.
>> Tyler Kendall with the latest in
Washington. Tyler, thank you. My guess
is that is a leaf blower
>> in the background, right?
>> Some sort of gardening going on, whether
it's mowing, I believe this morning is a
leaf blower. You know, it's fall going
into winter. The leaves are falling
around the White House. Hello. I'm
looking up the budget for lawn care at
the White House.
>> Need to cut that back, right? [laughter]
>> I'm just It's always something. I'm
pretty impressed.
>> Levit of Invesco with us around the
table. Brian, we won't talk about that.
Got a jobs report in two hours time. How
relevant is this report for you and the
team?
>> I think it's very relevant. We've been
watching, if you look at the ADP private
payroll, six-month average, 52,000 jobs.
Um, so you've seen demand slow, but
you're also seeing supply come down as
well. So you haven't seen a big pick up
in the unemployment rate, but
nonetheless, it's it's pretty
representative of what we would
categorize as this midcycle slowdown.
You've seen it in a lot of the world. If
you look at leading indicators for most
of the world, everybody's kind of
clumped together around trend without
any significant impetus. So it's
important and it's going to set the
stage for where the Federal Reserve goes
next. And as I've already indicated, I
would like to see them lower rates.
>> You're not alone. we probably won't get
it if this job number comes in around
50k because the story just won't shift.
Now, we should point out we don't know
what's going to happen with the CPI
report. We haven't had a clear
indication about that. But just imagine
the December 10th meeting. Got one more
data point. Got to make a call on that
meeting. You've also got to put out
forecasts. How on earth do you put out
forecast with very limited data going
into year end?
>> It's not easy. Although, I mean, you
have to It's kind of like driving in the
fog a little bit. Although it's not as
dense as I think some people think. you
you just got to parse through other data
that you can focus on. And um you know,
we've been watching um credit card
numbers, we've been watching private
sector payrolls, we've been watching
inflation break even. So you can get a
general sense, a good feel for this
economy. And I I would still categorize
it as one that's in a midcycle slowdown.
Now, a mid-cycle slowdown could become
worse if inflation starts to pick up and
the Federal Reserve has to stay put. I
don't think that's the case. And I think
that uh easier policy can help move us
out of what's been this this recent soft
patch.
>> We we have seen pockets of distress in
certain areas of the credit markets and
not just the high-profile blowups, but
in auto loan delinquencies that you've
seen picking up. All the subprime
lending in general has seen some pretty
high uh non-payment levels. I just
wonder if the Fed doesn't cut rates,
does that make you less likely to want
to take risk in credit in particular
based on how loose things have been and
what you're seeing on some of the
delinquency fronts?
>> Yeah, I would rather be higher quality
with regards to that if if we're going
to continue to persist at this same
pace. The one thing I would note a lot
of concern earlier um in the year about
uh credit card delinquencies which did
move up from a very low level. they have
flatlined recently and a lot of that has
been quite correlated to the move in
inflation. So when a lot of this across
many of the income quintiles you you saw
a pickup in in nominal um borrowing but
you did not see it in real. So a lot of
it was inflationdriven and as inflation
had moderated credit card delinquencies
have leveled off. So yeah, there's no
doubt that at the lowest quintile level
there is challenges that are starting to
emerge and that's all consistent with a
slowdown in the economy. It's as that
starts to move up income brackets that's
when you start to become more concerned
about a recession.
>> When you say you want to move up
quality, does that mean that credit
investors are being pushed to lend to
the biggest hyperscalers who are rated
very highly rather than the rest of the
economy that looks more risky without
Fed rate cuts? In other words, are they
being forced to fuel what people are
worried about?
>> Forced to fuel. Yeah. I mean, I mean, if
you look at it from, if you look at an
investment grade index in the credit
space right now, you're looking at a
spread of 80 to 100 basis points above
the risk-free rate. I mean, it's a 5%
yield, which really isn't all that bad.
I mean, you you take a look at where a
lot of the forecasters would put a
10-year e expected equity return, you're
pretty close to 5 6%. So sitting in
investment grade corporate bonds is not
the worst outcome here. Um but yes, I
would like to see rates move lower and I
would like to see other parts of the
economy, more rate sensitive parts of
the economy benefit from it.
>> Brian, can we go back to Washington for
just a moment? This week I've seen the
president the most frustrated he has
been with the Fed.
>> Yeah.
>> Treasury Secretary Scott Besson does
have the credibility on Wall Street.
What would happen in the markets if he
were to fire him? Yeah, that is the
irony of all of this, right? We're
sitting here trying to get interest
rates down and we're we're the
administration is saying things that I
think would spook the bond market,
right? And and so that's why I've been
so focused on the inflation expectations
because the bond market seems very
sanguin about all of this. But if that
starts to shift, that's a very different
outlook for rates. And with valuations
at 23 24 times forward earnings, a move
in rates would would result in a
valuation correction. So, yeah, I don't
think that that I know that that's not
the right direction for the
administration.
>> You've seen a list of the candidates to
replace Fed chair J. Powell. Is there
anyone on that list that would disrupt
market-based inflation expectations?
>> Perhaps. I would say the closer the
person is to the administration or the
the closer um you know, the more it
looks like somebody's coming in from the
administration to make significant
changes. The one of the big reasons that
the inflation expectations have been
relatively contained is because uh the
Trump appointees have generally sided
with Jerome Powell to this point. So if
there's a sense that that's going to
change, that's a risk factor for the
market
>> if they were the director of the
National Economic Council for instance,
would that be one of those
>> for your words?
>> Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Leave that
[laughter] there. Keep you out of
trouble. Brian Levit of Invesco I say it
for him. I think there are some concerns
about maybe Kevin Hasset taking a wheel
>> and that frankly is the base case right
now in markets that he would be the
preeminent person and he was in a
conversation yesterday with Anna Wong of
Bloomberg and she he he actually did say
he would worry about inflation and
hasn't fully gotten under control yet.
So maybe trying to seem like more of a
reasonable candidate in the eyes of the
market given the fact that he's a teed
up.
>> The Treasury Secretary has the
credibility of Wall Street. [music]
Kevin Hasset doesn't have that same
credibility. And these are the words of
people who were calling me last night
knowing I was in the room both times the
president spoke [music] about the Fed to
voice their concerns. Equity markets
doing better this morning, up by 1% on
the S&P. Up next, we'll catch up with
Angelo Zeno of CFRA on Nvidia's rockolid
results from New York City. You're
watching Bloomberg TV.
>> [music]
>> snapped a 4-day slide on the S&P 500 in
Wednesday's session. This morning, early
morning on Thursday, we add some weight
to the rally. Up by 1% on the S&P on the
NASDAQ up by 1.4 and the S&P 500. Nvidia
8% of the index, 100% of the enthusiasm
so far this morning. In the bond market,
twos, 10 30s [music] waited for the
payrolls report 2 hours away. Yields are
higher by two basis points at the front
end of the curve. 36126 on twos [music]
10's around 4:15 the median estimate
this morning 51K the high 105 the low
-20 I tell you -20 if we get that in 2
hours time that's going to change the
conversation [music] for December 10th
>> yeah will it be good news though for
markets I know I know I'm just making
people get really frustrated but this
whole idea what is this peak number that
gives people confidence that yes the Fed
is going to cut rates but not oh my god
holy cow this is the world collapsing in
an economy that's really on its back
foot [music] what's that sweet spot. And
I think that's the difficulty with these
numbers. How do we even interpret them
given some of the noise that we've seen?
>> 32K.
>> You think that's [music] the sweet spot?
>> Anything around stall speed, anything
that gets them worried that we're close
to stall speed is going to give people
like Governor Wallace some extra fall to
try and [music] extra fuel to try and
convert some other people on the
committee.
>> 18 that's 13.
>> I think around that 20 mark is enough to
make [laughter] them nervous.
>> Yeah, you're going to price right.
>> I was joking about 31 32, but I think
you [laughter] get the picture anyway.
As we c you down to the opening bell
about 3 hours away, two hours away from
that jobs report. Let's get you some
movers. Here's Danny with more. Hey
Danny.
>> Hey John. You said it. It's the stock of
the morning and it's Nvidia the company
in Jensen going a long way to say the
industry isn't in a bubble. Of course,
there's a difference between the
industry being in a bubble versus
prices. But shares are up 4.6% after
that sales growth. That was the best in
[music] a year. This does enough to
erase the past seven days of price
action, which we know for Nvidia and a
lot of these AI stocks has been
challenging. Speaking of which, this on
itself is helping to do a lot of work
for the entirety of the AI related
industry. Some of its peers, AMD for
example, if we look at that has been
rallying this morning. Also, some of the
cloud providers, Oracle, Coreweave that
have also seen [music] their spreads
widen on their CDS seen their stocks
dropped. Those also rebound. One of the
biggest gainers [music] this morning is
Coreweave up 7.5%.
Elsewhere in tech, we also got earnings
from Coree yesterday. in those earnings.
They also announced a $3.3 [music]
billion acquisition of a cyber security
company elsewhere. Results mostly in
line didn't really give any big update
to their forecast. Analysts over at
Vital Knowledge saying that it was a
fine quarter, but the fact that it
wasn't even better means that the equity
is going to sell off and we'll have an
e-jerk reaction. That's what we got.
Those shares down nearly 4% in the
pre-market. John [music]
>> Danny, thank you. Thanks for the update.
More from Danny in the next hour. On our
radar this morning, the White House
going to bat for Nvidia.
Where are you, Jensen? Stand up. You
have done such a good job. And you had a
good two days. I understand. Right.
[applause]
A good two days. If Jensen's happy, I'm
happy.
>> I think it's fair to say Jensen's happy.
This morning, sources telling us here at
Bloomberg that the Trump administration
is pushing for Congress to reject a bill
that would give American companies first
access to chips, limiting potential
exports to China. Elsewhere, the Bureau
of Labor Statistics scrapping the
October payrolls report after failing to
collect household data during the
government shutdown. It's the first time
the agency has foregone releasing
monthly job figures. And finally,
Walmart set to report earnings in just
under 30 minutes time. Investors eagerly
awaited results from the retail giant
for a read on consumer spending into
year end. Analysts expecting steady
sales growth in the third quarter. Their
stock is up so far this morning by 1.3%.
To me, this is going to be the tell,
especially based on what we heard from
Target as well as Home Depot and Lowe's.
Do we see the same kind of push back
that we've heard in other retail
earnings? Or do we see a sense that
there is a recovery in the underlying
consumer? If they beat expectations, the
key question will be why? Is it because
of efficiencies and technological
advancements or is it because that
consumer demand superseded their
expectations? The why is more important
than the actual numbers and that's what
I think we're going to find out. We've
had two misses already. Notable misses
so far this week from Target and from
Home Depot in the last couple of days.
Walmart about 30 minutes away. Let's
stick with the earnings. Nvidia results
easing AI bubble fears after posting a
65% jump in profit. We've done a good
job planning for a very very strong
year. And we've done a good job planning
for Vera Rubin. So sales are off the
charts. Nvidia GPUs in the cloud is sold
out, but we've got a bunch of black
wells to sell.
>> Angelo Zeno of CFR writing this.
Nvidia's data center revenue
demonstrating sequential acceleration
that validates our thesis on sustained
hyperscaler spending. Angelo joins us
now for more. Angelo, these numbers, is
it sufficient to restore the faith in
this story once again?
>> Um, so John, thanks for having me and
I'd say, you know, for today, yes. I
mean I I think some of the concerns that
are out there in the market continues to
linger. Um you know and we all know what
that is. I mean I think probably the
biggest issue out there is on the you
know the concern about financing and you
know getting the necessary financing
from a number of these customers. not
necessarily the hyperscalers which we
all know over the last three years have
been um absolute uh monster spendings
spenders but as we look here kind of
over the next three to five years um and
we get this broadening out trade within
the AI ecosystem the likes of you know
the the oracles the uh core weaves of
the world open ais of the world um
they're going to be bigger contributors
in these forecasts that you have out
there for Nvidia as well as the rest of
the AI ecosystem and the question is,
you know, clearly is the financing going
to be there as we kind of broaden out
here.
>> Angela, I'm so pleased you've gone there
because we've been drawing the
distinction between the company and the
way the company is perceived in the
stock market as a stock because they're
two very different stories. And Angela,
when it came to the earnings of Nvidia,
yes, they're fantastic. Yes, the guy is
solid, but in many ways, some of that
was inevitable because we know what's
happening elsewhere. Their biggest
customers are spending a lot of money
and promising to spend even more.
Angela, what I'm trying to understand
this morning is whether what they've
unveiled overnight, yesterday afternoon,
is sufficient to reshift the story
around the way people are treating the
stock. Because over the last several
months, for a long, long time, over the
last several years, there was a view in
this market that this story was built on
the balance sheets of the hyperscalers.
And this all made sense. It was strong.
Now there's a worry that this is built
on something else. Debt fueled
financing, maybe very skinny revenues
developing over at OpenAI, and a loss of
confidence. Angelo, and this is what I
want to keep going back to. Have they
said anything in the last 24 hours that
gets the market to reshift its thinking
again about how it addresses this story
in the stock market?
>> So, so not necessarily. Um, but that
being said, listen, I I think when you
kind of look out here over the next
couple of years, I think the
expectations out there, I think from
most of the analyst community is not one
where, you know, we're necessarily
expecting north of a trillion dollars in
spend from OpenAI. at least that's not
in the forecast in the the consensus
estimates at this t point in time. So I
think that's a good thing. But when you
kind of look at the um you know the
broader investment community, they
they're kind of looking at hey listen
there are these promises that are being
made or commitments being made and
there's no way they're going to meet
these commitments. What I would tell you
is that they don't necessarily need to
see those full commitments being made in
many respects. And um there are going to
be many different ways that Nvidia is
going to continue to see higher revenue
um and running out of their ecosystem.
And I think it's also important to note
that these hyperscalers will probably
get much bigger in nature here over the
next five to six years. I mean we're
looking for Microsoft to see their
revenue double here over the next six
years. We're looking for Alphabet to
see, you know, their their revenue go
up, you know, 70 to 100%. So that cloud
business for these hyperscalers are
going to continue to get much bit
bigger. we've seen the the u the great
momentum out of Q3 earning season from
these hyperscalers. So we do think those
companies will continue to pave the way.
Um and then that broading out uh trade
is going to be the question mark. But
again um I think as long as it's
incremental in nature and we see some
sovereign AI opportunities like we just
saw announced yesterday, um I think
that's going to help the overall
narrative and get the stock higher here.
>> Angelo, that's a key key point there.
the sovereign purchases and we'll get to
China in just one second and how
feasible that opening reopening could
potentially be. I just wonder if you
were satisfied by the response to having
to finance some of your customers to
continue buying your chips. So fear
around circular financing and why Nvidia
feels the need to do that if there is so
much external demand.
>> I I think in some respects Nvidia feels
like it's an obligation of theirs. Um,
and you know, I wouldn't necessarily go
as far as to say um, they're doing
anything that isn't um, prudent in
nature. I think this is one of those
instances where it's extremely expensive
to build a data center. You you're
looking at a gigawatt, you know, data
center at about $50 billion in nature.
Um, and Nvidia is essentially taking the
lion share of the profits for the
industry. So, in many respects, what
they are doing is reinvesting those
profits into the EOS the AI to help
build the AI ecosystem. In some
respects, I don't necessarily think
that's a bad use of funding. Um I also
think it helps kind of improve the
stickiness across um you know where they
are within the ecosystem. So overall um
I'm not necessarily concerned about some
of these um circular financing issues.
However um and I'd actually expect to
see more of this take place here over
the next couple years. So it is
something that I think investors need to
get somewhat comfortable with. But
again, I mean, if it gets to a level
where it gets just um out of control, I
think that's where it become becomes
problematic.
>> How much upside is there to Nvidia's
shares if President Trump gets his way
and the Congress is forced to drop some
of the restrictions in terms of sales
into places like China from Nvidia?
>> So, I'd say invid I'd say China itself,
we're looking potentially at at least at
least 20 to30 billion in annual, you
know, sales added to Nvidia's uh
revenue. We think that would be
conservative in nature. Um and you know
again that would probably add let's call
it about 8 to 10% um to their to their
revenue trajectory and you you know
you'd see a likewise impact in terms of
the stock price move. Let's call it a 10
to 15% initial boost we think from um
that approval. So you know we'll we'll
see whether or not there's going to be
upside if there's approval and then you
know to what extent those companies will
spend on Nvidia's ecosystem. But, you
know, the good thing is it's at zero
dollars at this point in time and
there's significant upside potential if
they're able to get into China.
>> When you think about the upside
potential, I know the commerce
department yesterday came out with the
green light to sell chips to the UAE and
Saudi Arabia. Is it big enough to fill
that gap that's exists right now, that
hole when it comes to Beijing?
>> Probably not. I mean and and maybe over
time it will be and and again you know
the good thing is it's zero dollars in
revenue or essentially zero um coming
out of China. I would say this China's
got the second large you know the second
largest um ecosystem of um hyperscalers
out there right you do want to sell into
the Alibabas 10 cents of the world and
and that would be an enormous positive
if they can do that. Um, I'd also say,
um, you know, when you kind of think
about the developers that are out there,
the developer community, it's something
that Jensen has repeatedly said he
wants, he wants to make sure he's got
access to and that they continue to
build on Nvidia's ecosystem. That's not
something you're going to get in any
other area of the world. So, um, it's
extremely important, we think, from that
perspective that, um, you know, Nvidia
gets back into China. Given that what
you just said about how he talks to
Chinese developers, how difficult is
this line to walk for Jensen Wang when
it comes between Washington and Beijing?
>> I think if I think it's a difficult
line. I think if there's anyone that can
can successfully do it, it's it's Jensen
and you know, maybe you throw you know,
Tim Cook in there in some respects and
how he's handled um you know, kind of
the the China US relations. I think
there aren't many um CEOs that that can
do a good job with that. The great thing
with Jensen is he's it seems like he's
got the ears of both nations at this
point in time and that that's a huge
positive. Um he's got that power and we
think and you know in many respects um
we'll see how all this plays out. Um but
you know it's it's taken longer than we
thought to be honest with you. We
thought at this point in time we
probably would have seen Nvidia you know
back into China but again these
geopolitical uncertainties and you never
know how long they're going to drag out.
>> Angelo always appreciate catching up
with you particularly after that result.
Angela Zena there of CFRA Nvidia in the
pre-market higher by more than 5%
frankly of HSBC publishing a little bit
early this morning top of the note first
bullet point beating and raising again
even without China that's where the
potential upside is
>> when you start talking about 64% sales
growth then you start talking about the
potential to add 10 to 20% on top of
that this is the reason why people are
uh ambitious about this stock and get
definitely getting a boost from
President Trump saying if you're happy
I'm happy well guess where he's going to
be heading Well, potentially China. This
is still a debate within the
administration. I don't know how many
times I continuously hear from one side
of those on the camp that we need to get
China addicted to American tech. We need
to get the world addicted to American
tech. Basically, that's what Jensen Wong
has been talking about for years. Then
there are others that are China hawks
that are saying we cannot give them our
most advanced chips. Right now that's
not happening, but potentially things
could change because remember they're
still negotiating this trade deal which
is supposed to happen before
Thanksgiving in terms of inking it and
us getting some text.
>> Stock is up this morning. The broader
market is too up by 1.2% on the S&P 500
with an update on stories worldwide with
your Bloomberg brief. Back with us here.
Hey Yahra.
>> Hi John. Republican lawmakers are
resisting President Trump's proposal to
send
>> [music]
>> $2,000 checks to workingclass households
next year. The White House says the
checks would be funded by tariff
revenue, but lawmakers prefer to use
that money to [music] reduce the
deficit. Meanwhile, the US is planning
to buy and own as many as 10 new nuclear
reactors. The Trump administration says
[music] rising electricity demand,
including from AI data centers, is a
national emergency. The reactors [music]
could be paid for using Japan's $550
billion funding pledge. The goal is to
get the reactors under construction by
[music] 2030.
And we are seeing shares of Warner
Brothers Discovery rising 1% in the
pre-market. Sources telling us here at
Bloomberg that Netflix promised it
[music] would keep releasing the studios
films in theaters if it's successful in
buying the company. Warner Brothers put
itself up for sale last month following
interest from Netflix [music] as well as
Paramount Sky Dance and Comcast. Bids
are due today. That's brief. John
>> Yahara, thank you. Up next, counting
down to payrolls.
>> The key thing to note for the September
report is there's a [music] potential
for residual seasonality to support this
data rather than this necessarily
signaling a significant improvement in
the pace of job gains.
>> Andrew Honhorse of City joins us next.
[music] The estimate from Cityroup for
later this morning. 105.
How do you cut rates on December 10th
with 105? That conversation up next.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Looking to add some weight to
yesterday's rally. The S&P 500 higher by
more than 1% on [music] the S&P. On the
NASDAQ up by 1.6 on the Russell to small
caps up by 0.55
under Savylvanas this morning counting
down [music] to payrolls.
The key thing to note for the September
report is there's a potential for
residual seasonality to support this
data rather than this necessarily
signaling a significant [music]
improvement in the pace of job gains.
That September number reflects the fact
that you've seen um job gains that would
have been spread across the summer. So
it's essentially a bit of catchup. I
don't necessarily see it as a kind of
good print.
>> So here's the latest this morning.
Investors counting down to the delayed
September jobs report. The median
estimate in our survey forecasting 51k.
Andrew Hornhorse of City with a street
high estimate of 105 writing further
rate cuts will depend crucially on the
upcoming jobs data and we continue to
expect 75 basis points of further cuts
this cycle. Andrew joins us now for
more. Andrew, good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> You had penciled in December. Have you
erased that yet? Well, we're waiting to
see how the the data come out, but it is
a big change in terms of analyzing that
December 10th FOMC meeting when you find
out that the jobs data for October and
November is coming out December 16th
when we thought it was going to come out
a few days ahead. Now, it's coming out a
few days after. So, I think it's
actually going to be a really tricky
scenario for the Fed because they know
they're making that decision six days
ahead of two months of jobs data. Um,
and I completely agree with what Abigail
was saying. this this report for
September probably going to look a
little bit stronger just the way that
the seasonality works out. Those October
and November numbers I think will be
weak. So yeah, really tricky situation
for the Fed now.
>> So you're at 105 but with a big
asterisk. You don't think that's a
strong 105?
>> Yeah, I I I think that this really is
just the the seasonality that we have in
the data. And the reason that we're
getting this is because it's a low
hiring economy and the month of
September is typically a low hiring
month. So when you hit that with the
seasonal adjustment, it looks okay.
October and November, you're going into
the holiday period. That's when
businesses are supposed to be hiring.
That's when you're supposed to see that
demand picking up. It probably didn't
happen this way that it did in prior
years. While we were shut down, we had a
lot of headlines about layoffs,
actually. So, it looks like we're going
to get some weaker data for October and
November. Um, difficult for the Fed. I
think what you know, you're supposed to
do is kind of try to chart a course
through this. This is a Fed that's been
very reactive to each data point. And if
you're only having the September data
point, today's report will matter quite
a bit. Even though it's still,
>> how much do you really predicate the 75
basis points of rate cuts in this cycle
on what the Fed does next month? The
idea that if they are late, they could
cut more. If they are early, they could
frontload that or potentially even go to
a lower neutral rate once we have new
leadership at the Federal Reserve.
>> Yeah, it's interesting. as we're pricing
out some of that probability of
December, you could think that maybe we
should be pricing in actually more cuts
further down the line because you'll be
restrictive for a little bit longer. I I
think it doesn't make a huge difference
at the end of the day whether they're
cutting in December, whether they're
cutting in January. And if we get two
week jobs reports or two months of week
jobs data, I should say on December
16th, then they probably would cut in
January. And you know, it's not going to
make a huge difference in terms of how
much they'll eventually need to cut. But
absolutely the risks are to the downside
on unemployment and that can mean that
you end up cutting much faster at some
later date. So it was interesting to
read the minutes yesterday and you see
most Fed officials still want to cut
further but this you know really really
strenuous debate around what to do in
December. I would say if if you think
you're restrictive, if you think that
the labor market is loosening, why
wouldn't you be headed back to a neutral
rate?
>> What's the threshold for the jobs
number? And I I don't like playing this
game, but the market's playing this
game. What threshold is there to ensure
that the Fed does cut in December?
>> I I think in today's number um what
would be the surprise that maybe could
bring more people into Waller's camp
that yes, December should be a rate cut.
Um is to see the unemployment rate move
up. Um if we moved up to 4.4%, you're
kind of on the fence. If we moved up to
4.5%, I think we're getting a cut in
December. Um so I think that
unemployment rate is key here. the
payroll's number. I mean, we have
105,000, which sounds like a decent
number, but remember, we're coming from
three months where we were at only
30,000 per month. So, it it's hard to
really change the narrative in a big way
around payrolls. That that is just weak
hiring. And the question is, is the weak
demand matched by weak supply or is it
that demand has weakened even more than
supply? And the unemployment rate will
tell us that.
>> Andrew, to not look political, should
the Fed just move the meeting? Well, I
mean, it would make a lot of sense for
them to move the meeting. Honestly,
you're going to have so much more data
on the job market, which is the key
variable that you care about. I don't
think that they'll end up doing that.
But again, it's it's quite difficult
when you have these meetings that come
right before major data releases.
>> So, we have the September print today
and then what does do Fed members look
at between now and December?
>> Well, you have other things that you can
look at and some of those things we have
been looking at. We've had the state
level data on claims for unemployment
insurance and that's giving us some
comfort and I think fed officials some
comfort that we haven't had a sharp
deterioration while the government was
shut down. It's not that we've had a big
pick up in initial jobless claims which
would show that layoffs are picking up.
On the other hand, continuing jobless
claims, those have been trending higher,
staying higher, um which could indicate
that the unemployment rate has moved
higher. So be watching that. I think all
of these alternative data statistics are
getting more attention now. Um the ADP
numbers for instance, they're not that
well correlated with the actual official
payrolls numbers, but they've been
weaker. So Fed officials, we were
looking at all of that. You know, we're
going to get jolts ahead of the December
FOMC meeting, the um amount of hiring,
the amount of layoffs. That usually
isn't a really market moving number, but
maybe this month it will be because
that's the only data that we have.
You're expecting another 75 basis points
of reductions. How are they going to be
spread out over the next 12 months? Is
it over the next 12 months? How do you
see things playing out?
>> I I think it actually probably comes
faster than that because I think we'll
see this weakness in the upcoming jobs
data. And remember that November jobs
report was during the government
shutdown. You had workers who were
furoughed still during the November
reference week. So when we get that
unemployment rate on December 16th
because we're not going to get the
October uh unemployment rate, we will
get it for November. It will be on
December 16th and it should be higher by
at least 210 of a percentage point just
on those furled workers. So we're going
to be seeing unemployment rates north of
4.5% before the end of the year. I I
think that's a pretty
>> Do I smell 50? Do I smell 50 coming from
you and the team?
>> It it's something that we need to think
about. It's something that they need to
think about. I think there is a
reluctance to do that after doing that
last year. Um and their preferred way of
moving would be 25 basis points at each
meeting. But absolutely if you don't cut
in December and then you see weaker jobs
data, 50 comes back on the table.
>> Andrew, thank you. Looking forward to
the updated note which I feel like is
coming out very soon. Thank you, sir.
Andrew Honhost there of city on the
Federal Reserve and a jobs report. The
jobs report later on this morning. The
median estimate in our survey something
around 50k. Andrew well north of that
north of 100 but he thinks that's a weak
105 that he's looking for later
>> because of the pull forward from some of
the weaker months before which is why
revisions is going to be interesting.
Move over Nirvana. It smells like 50
basis points. Sorry. I apologize in
advance but this is you know where we're
at right now.
>> Does it not smell like 50 to you?
>> I think that it could if they don't cut
rates and if you do get a really bad
print, especially
>> Andrew's data on the 16th.
>> Yeah. I mean that's me. Yeah, I think if
you get a 4.5% unemployment rate by
December, that could really move the
needle
>> and that the president will certainly
welcome. But can you imagine given all
his bashing the last 48 [music] hours,
that meeting in December has become very
political.
>> You get bad jobs data on December 16th,
you'll get an Oval Office address that
evening, cut the interest rates now.
>> Yeah, emergency meeting.
>> Yeah, but how do you parse that with a
strong labor market?
>> You'd have a pretty strong argument to
do it if you get those weak numbers
anyway [music] on the 16th. Coming up on
the program, Sema show of principal
asset management, the former World Bank
president David Malpass, David Se of
Namura, [music] and David Bellinger of
Misuo from New York City. The second
hour of Bloomberg surveillance up next.
[music]
The trajectory for growth and the
trajectory for inflation [music] appear
to be improving.
>> You'd rather see a stronger economy and
a better labor market. The big problem
is on the inflation side. There's still
that continued uncertainty.
>> We are calling for a more notable
downshift in economic growth.
>> This is Bloomberg surveillance with
Jonathan [music]
Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and An Marie
Hordern.
>> Live from [music] New York City this
morning. Good morning. Good morning from
our audience worldwide. The second hour
of Bloomberg surveillance starts right
[music] now. And your scores look like
this. A double dose of good news from
two stocks. Futures up by 1% on the S&P
on the NASDAQ up by 1.5. [music] Nvidia
after the bell yesterday with decent
numbers and a strong guide. That stock
is up by 5% and just moments ago.
Walmart out with a beat [music] and a
raise. That stock this morning just
about negative by 8 cents of 1%.
>> Yeah, this is an interesting [music]
story. So they see their full year
adjusted earnings per share of 258 to
$263. That is in the high range above
their previous full year adjusted
earnings per [music] share uh estimate.
At the same time they are transferring
their stock to the stock exchange to the
NASDAQ uh from the NYSE which I think is
really interesting. [music] How much
does this really speak to where they are
getting gains? This idea of winning over
price sensitive [music] shoppers with
digital spending and their p and the
fact that they can negotiate with some
of their suppliers. They talk about
people looking to save money. [music]
This isn't exactly the readthrough
people are looking for for some sort of
sense of confidence [music] in the
economy. Sounds like trade down and
that's been a story for this stock
coming out of the pandemic over the last
several years or so. And this is the
[music] inevitable problem covering this
story from macro perspective. If Walmart
does well, things must be really bad.
And if Walmart does poorly, then things
must be absolutely terrible. And
Walmart's doing well this morning, so
things must be really bad.
>> Well, Walmart has changed its profile.
[music] It's catering increasingly to
higherend shoppers, so they can play all
sides of this story. They offer a lot of
like for example really expensive
sneakers and things like that on their
different platforms. [music]
There is a question here about whether
they are gaining share and they are
doing so because of their size because
[music] of the revenue coming from
digital because of advertising from
digital because of their data collection
on digital. The bigger you are the more
[music] of advantage you have and that I
think is a theme that we've seen
throughout this economy.
>> Chopping around in the pre-market at the
moment the name is down by about 1% but
the earnings are pretty decent [music]
and the guide is strong. Put it together
with Nvidia there's a better story to
tell for the equity market so far this
morning. story might change. 8:30
[music] Eastern time, 88 minutes from
now, the jobs report. The median
estimate in our survey something around
[music] 50k. The high is right up here
around 105. The low is right down here
at -20. Somewhere in between, there's
going to be a major debate about what to
do on December 10th at the Federal
Reserve. And we already know what the
president would like them to [music] do
and that's cut interest rates.
>> That's cut interest rates. And he went
as far as he has about job boning the
Fed [music] yesterday, saying that if
his Treasury Secretary Scott Besson
doesn't fix it, he's going to fire him.
Obviously, [music] the president was
talking tongue and cheek. He was trying
to be a little bit of funny, but
obviously he is growing very frustrated
about the rate cut cycle right now and
[music] the fact that people are talking
about that they might be on hold in
December. But Andrew Hollandor did a
great job mapping out how difficult
[music] this is for the Fed. They meet
and then 6 days later they get two
months of jobs data and this is a data
dependent Fed. Shouldn't they be getting
the data first [music] then deciding on
what to do with interest rates?
>> Then they've got to put out an outlook.
This is the problem. They've also got to
put out the SCP [music] and all the
forecasts for 2026 and beyond and update
them. Torson's Lock of Apollo just
moments ago published in the title,
[music] the economy is likely to
reacelerate in 2026. That's what the
hawks on the Fed are arguing for. Things
are going to pick up. Ignore the [music]
bad data. Torston saying looking ahead,
growth is likely to reacelerate next
year driven by lower trade war
uncertainty, a weaker [music] dollar,
and the positive effects of guess what?
The one big beautiful bill.
>> This is what a lot of people say is
underestimated right now. just how much
people are going to be getting rebates
the beginning of next [music] year. Put
aside even those $2,000 potential checks
and that will spur consumer spending. As
for now though, that is the future. And
when people look at the now, the
commentary, particularly with the lower
cohort of income earners, really isn't
very positive in terms of the hesitance
to really spend. But [music] the White
House is thinking about the timeline.
They want to get the interest rates
reduced as quickly as possible as they
only really have a year out [music] into
the midterm elections. So, you're going
to start to see some of that fiscal
impulse coming from Washington from the
one big beautiful bill, maybe the $2,000
dividend checks, which has its own
issues with inflation. But, they want to
get ahead of the rate cutting cycle
[music] because it's going to take
months for the market and the economy to
digest lower interest rates.
>> On news this morning, higher by two
basis points at the front end of the
curve. Two [music] at 361. A busy
morning coming up. We'll catch up with
Seash of Principal Asset Management as
equities [music] bounce. We speak to the
former World Bank President David
Malpass as President Trump pushes harder
for a Fed rate cut. and David Se of
Neora with long delayed payrolls data
landing later on this morning. We begin
this hour with stocks pushing higher
following strong results from Nvidia.
Sema Sha of Principal Asset Management
writing the winners in today's market
will likely be those who adapt quickest
to shifting signals without overreacting
to noise. Sema joins us now for more.
Sema, good morning. Did we get some
signal from Nvidia?
>> Good morning. Well, I think we got some
reassurance. We got some relief. Um, I
think some of the narrative around the
AI concerns around a bubble are not
going to be entirely solved by the
results yesterday, but it certainly
feeds a beast. Um, but I would expect
that the market is, you know, is still
going to keep wanting some kind of uh
proof uh as we go through to the next
earning season. But certainly for now, I
think the market can maybe shift it some
of its attention to what is the backdrop
in the macro picture uh and certainly
what is the Fed going to be doing next.
Sim, we spent a lot of time on this over
the last several weeks. What is behind
the shift in the way the market is
treating this story and what is
insufficient about what we heard from
Nvidia to change it?
>> Yeah, I mean I I think it's it's a
really important question. I don't think
it's very easy to answer though. Um
certainly from our perspective it might
simply be that just with this vacuum of
data uh and searching for a narrative we
have this real understanding that so
much of the macro picture you know if
you're thinking from a long-term
perspective is really based on the AI
capex trade and how these companies are
going to be performing. So I think maybe
that's taken at home but certainly some
of these worries have been have been
there for a while. Uh they've been
accelerated by the shift towards debt
financing more and more news of
circularity. So the risks are building.
Um but I think that there's a vacuum of
of of news at the moment or at least
from an economic data perspective and
maybe now as we get back into uh the
normal way of things uh hopefully some
of the relief starts to at least can be
sustained.
>> Sema John was talking about how a lot of
people are betting on tech as they wait
for that reaceleration that Torston
Slack of Apollo expects to see in the
beginning of 2026. Do you think it's too
early to bet on the US economy really
gaining steam in Q1 or do you think that
this is the time to get in on that kind
of trade?
>> So we are quite a sanguin about next
year. Uh we're expecting growth to be
around trend. We do think that the OBBA
bill is going to be quite important in
Q1 uh for some consumers and I think
that's key. there is a bit of a a
disparity between who's going to be
particularly um supported and who isn't
and it does really fall on the higher
income households who have less of a
multiplier onto consumer spending. So I
think that does mute the general impact
but certainly it's it's a fairly
positive story. Uh and I think we feel
quite comfortable with that idea. Um
from a risk perspective this to us
suggests that you should stay risk on uh
focusing on technology still but also
thinking about which other parts of the
market to be dipping into.
>> How much do you really focus on big
companies and I'm looking through the
Walmart earnings and the fact that they
really are gaining share. They are
capitalizing on their digital footprint.
They're capitalizing on just how quickly
they can make deliveries. And what we
heard from the CFO was that they have
seen slight moderation with lower income
consumers. But all around pretty steady
sales for higher income and middle inome
uh consumers, households. I'm just
wondering is this an endorsement of size
mattering and that basically any kind of
trade down uh kind of move has to come
trade down maybe in creditworthiness but
not necessarily in size.
So it it is interesting and you know we
have seen over the last couple of
quarters uh and actually I mean
generally in in theory that when there
are challenges that need to be navigated
large businesses have um have an easier
way of navigating and they have the the
big balance sheets of profit margins to
try and navigate some of the certainly
some of the more structural dynamics. Um
we're still leaning into that but
actually when we're doing our uh surveys
of small businesses we're also not
detecting too many tensions there. uh
they are feeling that the the economy is
doing okay. Of course, they're feeling
some strains, but they're not really
struggling to navigate. So, again, this
this does add to that general picture of
being fairly sanguin. Um focusing on
large companies for some of the the the
safety in there, but it doesn't mean
that the small businesses are falling
apart by any means.
>> Well, what Lisa just highlighted from
the Walmart earnings is basically the
K-shaped economy that those on the lower
end are still struggling. How does the
Federal Reserve target them?
Well, so they are struggling, but we
don't exaggerate that picture. They're
feeling strained. It's not enough to
really topple uh topple the economy
over. It's something that the uh that I
think policy makers want to be um trying
to deal with. I don't know if it
necessarily falls within the Fed's
wheelhouse. I mean, it's a fairly blunt
tool in terms of interest rates and what
that can do. This to me makes uh it
makes almost more sense why the Trump
administration is starting to think
about what they can do potentially for
lower income households. But we don't
think as I said that this really changes
uh the narrative too much. We just think
that over time these strains these
K-shaped economy is going to be
continued to be exacerbated until policy
makers mainly from the government side
really really deal with those issues.
>> Sema it is outlook season over the next
week the next two weeks the next three
weeks we'll get tons of outlooks drop
from tons of banks looking ahead to next
year and typically it's pretty easy to
establish a bias a consensus view. Where
do you think that consensus view is
right now into next year?
So look, we're in the process of putting
together our outlook as well. It's been
a particularly hard um task this time
because of the lack of data and this
feeling of we're not entirely sure what
we're navigating. Uh overall though, we
are expecting there to be um a benign
outlook for for 2026, you know,
consideration of some of the risks, but
most of them not really falling on the
macro side, but still trying to figure
out what exactly is going to happen with
AI. How are these companies going to
continue to perform and can they really
continue to deliver to the point that
investors can continue to stay
comfortable with their exposures to big
tech?
>> Sema, it's good to see you as always.
Thank you. Sema Sha of Principal Asset
Management putting together the year-
ahead outlook. Last year was pretty
easy. Massive American outperformance.
That's what everyone was looking for
going into 2025. What happened first
half European massive outperformance. We
squeeze that consensus view pretty hard.
I just wonder what it is into next year.
It feels like a little bit of a muddle
at the moment.
>> Well, yeah, because the market's been
muddling and the economy has been
muddling and so we people feel a little
bit muddled and we're just getting data
that also will be muddled. I do think
that this whole idea of companies that
are AI related companies that that idea
is going to shift heading into 2026 and
that seems to be what people are talking
about. Which are the companies best
using these tools to drive efficiency?
And do we get this sort of ongoing gap
between the idea that companies are
doing very well and a lack of jobs that
they're creating? And to me, that really
is going to be one of the biggest
question marks heading into next year.
Also, question marks around policy. We
still don't know what the Supreme Court
is doing with AIPA. We don't know if
Congress is going to be willing to do
these $2,000 checks. We know we're going
to have the one big beautiful bill. And
then on top of all of that, who is going
to leave lead the Federal Reserve? We
saw a lot of policy out of Washington
from the White House and Congress. 2025,
2026 is going to be about what this new
Fed looks like.
>> I've said this a few times, earnings
right up here, payrolls [snorts] growth
right down here and everything in
between is where the game's going to be
played. A lot of tension brewing down in
Washington on that front. Let's get you
an update on stories worldwide with your
Bloomberg brief. Let's cross over to
Yahara for more. Hey, Yahara.
>> Hi, John. Walmart shares are falling
2.3% [music]
in the pre-market despite topping at
earnings expectations and raising its
fullear [music] profit outlook. The
company saw strong online sales in the
third quarter. All this alleviating some
concerns about a consumer pullback.
Walmart also announced [music] it's
transferring stock exchange listings
moving from the NY to the NASDAQ but
keeping the WT [music]
ticker. Meanwhile, J Japanese Prime
Minister Sane Takayichi preparing to
unveil $12 billion [music] in fresh
stimulus. The economic package will be
funded by an extra budget about 27%
[music]
bigger than what was pledged in her
predecessor's spending plan a year ago.
In New York City, Mayor Elect Zoran
Mamani will visit President Donald Trump
at the White House tomorrow. Ramdani
[music] won the election on a
progressive platform that includes
freezing rents, universal child care,
and higher [music] taxes on corporations
and the wealthy. President Trump
threatened to pull federal funds for New
York following Montani's election. Dr.
Bloomberg Reef John [music]
>> Yhara, thank you. Looking forward to
that one, that's for sure. Up next on
the program, taking game at Fed Share
Jay Pal.
>> I'd love [music] to fire his ass. He
should be fine. Guy's grossly
incompetent. You got to work on him,
Scott. The rates are too high, Scott.
And if you don't get it fixed fast, I'm
going to fire your ass. Okay.
>> Up next, the former [music] World Bank
President, David Malpass, live from New
York City this morning. Good morning.
[music]
Stocks are positive, up by 1% on the
S&P. Thank you, [music] Jens W over at
Nvidia. The Nasdaq up by 1.4%. A better
tone so far this morning. We'll see if
it [music] sticks. Going into payrolls 1
hour and 14 minutes away. And
surveillance this morning taking game of
Fed chair Jel.
>> I'd love to fire his ass. He should be
fine. Guy's grossly incompetent and he
should be sued for spending $4 billion
to build a little building. You got to
work on him, Scott. The only thing
Scott's blowing it on is the Fed
because the Fed the rates are too high,
Scott. And if you don't get it fixed
fast, I'm going to fire your ass. Okay,
>> here's the latest this morning.
President Trump expressing frustration
with the Federal Reserve for not cutting
interest rates, joking he would fire
Treasury Secretary Scott Besson if he
didn't help bring down rates.
Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall joins us now
for more. Tyler, the president's words,
it's the one thing, the only thing that
Scott's blowing it on the Federal
Reserve. Where's this additional
pressure coming from? And is it put an
additional spotlight on the race to
replace Fetch J Pal?
>> Yeah. Hey John, good morning. Well, it
definitely does highlight the pressure
from the administration to get out a
pick for this top spot as President
Trump had told Anna Marie earlier this
week that he is looking at both
surprising but also standard candidates
to fill the Fed chair's role. Of course
though, President Trump went on there to
say that it's really the Treasury
Secretary Scott Besson who has been
urging against firing Fed Chair Jerome
Powell before his term is up in in May
of 2026, seeming to clarify that he of
course was only teasing there. But
you're exactly right. there is this
heightened pressure perhaps because the
FOMC is only going to get uh likely its
last comprehensive look into the labor
market today with the September
employment report ahead of the December
meeting as the BLS confirmed yesterday
that it will not release an independent
standalone October employment report
instead wrapping the October payrolls
into the November employment report but
with no site of any household data
survey being conducted. If you look at a
calendar, that's set to be released on
December 16th, of course, just one uh 6
days after the December meeting. So,
we're not going to have that visibility
there. The other part of this, John, of
course, is that the White House has felt
under pressure when it comes to
affordability, and we know that not all
of their plans are landing well within
the Republican party. We have new
reporting out from Bloomberg News that
some Senate Republicans are pushing back
on the administration's plans to release
tariff rebate checks. Of course, this
has been one of those proposals floated
to get more money into consumers pockets
amid those slew of losses that
Republicans saw earlier this month when
it came to the elections across the
country. Uh but John, at this point,
those Republicans are saying that they
would rather have that money be put
towards paying down the deficit instead
of going to uh those checks.
>> Tyler, thank you. Appreciate the update.
Tyler Kendall with the latest from
outside of the White House. The former
World Bank President David Malpass
weighing in in the Wall Street Journal
writing, "By lowering interest rates
late and signaling a pause, the Fed is
causing higher mortgage rates and
unaffordable costs for small businesses
that borrow at floating interest rates."
David joins us now for more. David, good
morning.
>> Good morning, John.
>> Good to see you, sir. Let's talk about
it. What kind of damage would a Fed
pause do?
>> Fed pause means that you you stay where
you are. I think we're at the bottom of
the 10-year yield cycle. It bottomed in
October. Uh and uh we'll see it we'll
see it stuck here unless the Fed can
change models. Uh the Powell has kept
articulating this tradeoff between uh
growth and in and inflation. So in that
mix it's hard to get the whole yield
curve down. I think it's quite possible
by changing the model. that that's going
to take a almost a majority of the at
least of the governors and maybe even of
the whole federal open market committee.
That's the 19 people that really have
opinions on the Fed funds rate.
>> Does the model include using the balance
sheet more to lower longerterm yields?
>> Hi, Lisa. I think the balance sheet
itself, the size has more to do with the
with the uh uh the type of lending
that's going on in the economy. What QE
did uh was cause big companies and the
government to be able to borrow huge
amounts of money. So it fed right into
the to the affordability crisis that
we're facing right now. So I I would
like to see the Fed realize that having
a big balance sheet means that you're
borrowing from the banks and the banking
system is what we need to get started in
order to get to lower inflation and to
affordability. So it's a different
model. uh the I I think QE really didn't
work except in that moment of crisis in
2009.
>> At the same time, there is a lot of
there are a lot of people in markets who
agree with you that rates need to be
lower in order to help a cohort of the
economy that is more highly levered to
the short end of the yield curve and
some of these longerterm yields that the
Fed might have some influence over. I
just wonder what you think of the
trade-off with financial stability. The
idea that yes, it's a blunt instrument.
you're affecting one cohort of people,
but you also might be propping up
Bitcoin values as well as uh you know
corewave.
>> The Fed uh exaggerates that and talks
about the liquidity problem and says we
can't put too much liquidity into the
the economy. I think we're way beyond
that. That's old think. That's 20th
century kind of thinking in terms of the
models. So the Fed's really got to look
at it that well uh their balance sheet
is part of the problem not part of the
solution for each for each market. You
know we've lost the interbank market.
The the uh the repo market is now under
strain in part because the Fed dominates
it and they're not planning ahead for
the liqu intrammon liquidity needs that
are really that are really needed. So
what I think is uh is necessary is
reforms across the board for the Fed to
do a better job. They haven't been
getting the inflation rate. They keep
thinking that high rates is going to
solve inflation, which it doesn't
doesn't do. So you've got to break out
of that model, move to a model of what I
call a price rule model, and that would
give you lower rates across the curve,
and you'd have both the mortgage rates
coming down, but also small business
lending restarting in the in the
country. We need that for the supply
chain. Small business lending is the
core of growth.
>> David, you start your opinion piece and
you mentioned it this morning about the
affordability crisis. This is going to
be huge ahead of the midterm elections.
But the president is doing consistently
criticizing the Fed talking about $2,000
dividend checks going out to Americans.
Doesn't that make the Fed's job to
actually cut interest rates so much
harder?
>> We'll have to see how change occurs. you
if you if you think about it, people
were very critical of the trade policy
change and of Doge. Uh but that broke
the ice and caused people to rethink
what was wrong in the old models. So
that may be what the what the president
is able to achieve. If if you say that
the goal here is to get the Fed from its
old models to ones that actually work
for the modern economy, for a crypto
asset kind of economy where the Fed is
not really getting to a solution, uh
then maybe you have to have to really
speak out uh in order to get the change.
I was Secretary Besson did that in his
uh uh October or September in his
September pieces in the Wall Street
Journal and international economy and
that was very important for him to say
why QE doesn't work why the the Fed is
contributing to the inequality and the
inaffordability crisis.
>> The tweaks you're talking about at the
Federal Reserve who is best to implement
them when J Pal steps down in May.
>> The president is looking at at the
candidates. I think it needs to be uh
someone who articulates the reforms and
really has uh uh depth within the model.
You know, one part of the model problem
right now is the CPI. How can you use
CPI or even the core PCE deflator which
comes out of the commerce department.
How can you use those measures when the
the prices are changeable by the
tariffs? So if you're using tariffs and
it slows down price increases in some
areas, how can that be the right
targeting mechanism for the for the Fed?
And I think that's what's getting picked
up in the gold price. They're thinking
the Fed is going to use the same model
and there'll be a big fight over what to
do with the interest rates. So people
hide in gold. uh but the better way to
go is to have you know a growth solution
where capital can flow to small
businesses and that's achievable but it
means a lot of change in the Fed in
economics uh and in uh I think it's
going to have to be in the FOMC itself
the makeup of the FOMC.
>> We've got 30 seconds left. I want to
squeeze this in. Can we get that graphic
up again? Which names do you like? the
Cassid Walsh, Rick Reer, Governor Waller
on the committee right now.
>> So they they can all do it if they
articulate the amount of change and then
they have
>> they can all do it if they agree with
you.
>> They have a team.
>> They're allowed to have an opinion on a
name.
>> People need to say that they want a
price rule rather than inflation
targeting that they want a smaller uh
Fed balance sheet because that will
enable small business lending. The bank
capital issue is a really big one. The
Fed's been saying to be safe to Lisa's
point, how do you get safety? Uh that
not the way the Fed is doing it. [music]
They they say safety means them in the
middle of every market. Well, that's not
a solution.
>> David Malpass, it's good to see [music]
you, sir. Kind of describing yourself a
little bit as we talk about the next Fed
chair, but I'll leave that there. David
Malpass, the former World [music] Bank
president from New York City this
morning. Good morning. Up next, David Se
of Neora.
>> [music]
[music]
>> programming note. Don't miss this.
Tomorrow morning, 8:30 Eastern time. The
man leading a big big push to cut
interest rates at the Federal Reserve,
Governor Steven live on Bloomberg
surveillance tomorrow morning [music] at
8:30 Eastern time. Has his job got a lot
harder with the limited data we'll get
between now and the Fed's next meeting
on December 10th. The next jobs report
is the last jobs report before that
meeting. The next jobs report 60 minutes
away into that equity futures positive
by [music] 1% on the S&P 500. A lift
across this equity market on the NASDAQ
100 higher by 1.5 [music]
with some single names this morning.
Some morning movers is Danny Burgerer.
Hey Danny.
>> Hey John. Let's go through the big
earnings we got this morning and late
yesterday. Walmart shares now down about
half of 1% cent. That's despite the fact
that they beat on their earnings and
they raised their guidance for sales for
the [music] second consecutive time this
year. By the way, that beat $2 billion
higher than what was expected on
revenue. Even so, shares do fall not
that much this morning, [music] but we
have seen Walmart outperform so far this
year. And as part of that announcement,
they will be changing their listing from
the New York Stock Exchange to the
NASDAQ, reflecting what they say is a
technology [music]
focused company. Okay, but the real
technology focused company and the focus
of everybody is Nvidia. Those shares
continue to do much better in the
pre-market trade up 4.9% [music] with a
beat and confidence from Jensen Hong and
the rest of them. I mean, we maybe knew
this was coming considering the
hyperscalers are [music] spending so
much and spent so much in the third
quarter. But those shares again doing
better this morning alongside all of the
other AI related names and most of the
tech companies [music] this morning.
Elsewhere, we also got Bath and Body
Works earnings. Those did look poor.
Those shares down 13 and a half%.
[music] The CEO there commenting saying
that it is a weak consumer who's not
spending. It's the cost of tariffs.
[music] But oddly, this is a new CEO.
They came in in May. And his big
takeaway, the reason that they aren't
doing well. He blamed it on the old CEO
saying that their old strategy didn't
work out. They expanded more [music] and
into non-core areas. They're going to
bring things back, turn around the
company. But it's the old guy's fault,
not mine. John,
>> always blame the old boss. Danny, thank
you. Danny with the latest. If you
[music] miss in retail right now, you
get absolutely obliterated. And we're
seeing it with that stock so far this
morning. On our radar this morning,
Walmart posting an earnings beat and
[music] raising its fullear profit
outlook, but seeing a dip in third
quarter comparable sales for Sam's Club.
The retailer also planning to move its
stock exchange listing to the NASDAQ.
The stock is down a quarter of 1% this
morning, and that move is noticeable.
>> It is. It basically conveys that Walmart
wants to be seen as as much of a tech
company as it is a retailer. And this
comes as they're seeing real gains from
their online presence and they've been
investing in artificial intelligence
across throughout their entire stack.
And it raises this question of how much
of an advantage do the first movers have
if they adopt uh some artificial
intelligence now can use it for
efficiencies, can compete on price, gain
market share, and then what will it look
like down the line for the retailers
that are left behind?
>> Last few years has been about the
enablers. Is it going to shift to the
adopters in the year ahead? Walmart's
down by about a quarter of 1% in early
trading. Let's talk about the politics
and the affordability issue dominating
some of the retailers right now.
Republican lawmakers resisting the
president's proposal to send $2,000
checks to working-class households next
year. The White House saying the
payments would come from tariff revenue,
but lawmakers prefer to use the revenue
to reduce the deficit.
>> So, I've gotten a lot of memes sent to
me, which is the power strip and the
cord on the power strip plugging into
itself. So basically tax everyone with
higher tariff levels and then give some
of those tariff proceeds back to
Americans. So what was the point of it?
You talk about circular financing and
AI. This is somewhat circular financing
when it comes to tariff revenue raising
and Republicans are concerned because
they spent an entire year going after
the Biden administration for giving out
checks and they don't want to see
inflation get gooseed once again.
>> Traditionally the conservative argument
would be to remove some of that friction
just cut the taxes to begin with.
>> Yeah. Well, look that traditional, you
lost me at traditional. I think that
that's sort of where I'm at right now.
And you could understand this sort of
friction right now between what's going
on with the rank and file Republicans
and fissures that are starting to form
with President Trump after the mid
midterm elections and this idea of how
much is that going to continue and how
much push back where there actually be
some of the initiatives that people are
worried that could cause inflation and
were criticized and
>> we might see some tension tomorrow. This
is what I call box office tomorrow in
Washington DC. President Trump hosting
New York City Mayor Alex Zora Mamdani at
the White House. The two sides attacking
each other ahead of this month's
election. President Trump threatening to
pull federal funding from the city if
Mani won.
>> And that federal funding is huge. We're
talking about nearly $10 billion in
2025, 8% of the city's budget. But look,
you have here on one side Jamaica
states, a guy from Atoria. They're both
Queens guys. They both love New York,
but they do see things differently. And
I'm not just talking about Mets and
Yankees. They see see things differently
when it comes to how New York City city
should be run. And I imagine tomorrow in
the Oval Office, even though incoming
mayor Mam Donnie is the one that
requested this meeting, he knows what
happens when you go into the Oval
Office. He knows what happens into the
lion's den. It is going to be, as you
say, fireworks, box office.
>> Look out for the full coverage right
here on Bloomberg TV. Let's turn to the
labor market. The data is not far away.
Investors eyeing the delayed payrolls
report due out in just under an hour.
David Se of Neora writing, "Unless the
September report is terrible, we think
the Fed will want more current data
before considering cutting again." David
joins us now for more. David, good
morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Good morning. It's good to see you. I
mentioned the Governor Marin interview
tomorrow morning. Tomorrow morning at
8:30 Eastern time. How does that guy
convince the rest of the committee to
cut interest rates with such a limited
pool of data between now and the next
meeting?
>> The limited pool of data is going to
make it very tough. And I think, you
know, we had a number of of things that
could be seen as hawkish yesterday. We
had good Nvidia earnings. Of course, we
had uh a pretty hawkish set of minutes
come out, but I think most hawkish of
all of it was the the Bureau of Labor
Statistics announcing that the report
we're going to get in in less than an
hour is the last one we're going to get
prior to that December Fed meeting. It
really allows the uh camp of uh hawks
that were uh on the FOMC and there are
at least five or so of them uh to align
themselves at least for the time being
with the group led by Chair Powell
himself who says we're driving in the
fog and should slow down and and it
makes it tough at least for this
December meeting to uh to get a a cut
through. Now that that alignment may
fray as soon as the data come out uh 6
days after the Fed meeting, but uh but
for now it seems like it's likely to be
in place.
>> Governor Myron and Governor Waller would
probably make the argument, why wait? We
shouldn't be reactive. We should be
looking forward here and there's a
problem. We're close to saw speed on
jobs growth. Neil Dutter of Renmack put
this out in the last few days. The Fed
is comfortable being reactive, waiting
for things to be obvious before deciding
to do something about it. Not great. Is
that your view on their current stance?
Is it so-called not great?
>> I think I think the when we look at how
much data are out there, there's there's
so little out there right now that uh
you might not want to hold the Fed to
the same standard. Um as as in normal
times, um you know, usually it is one
thing to say, okay, you have all the
current data, the data that should have
come out, and still you're being
reactive. And it's another thing to say
that, hey, we haven't gotten labor
market data since August. we'll have it
for September, but but you know, it's
going to be 70 days old by the time we
get it today and then another few weeks
uh by the time of the Fed meeting. Um
that's that's a harder cell in this
specific moment. And it's why this, you
know, what I'll call temporary coalition
of the the hawks and the driving and the
fog people, it may well really uh uh
last through December, but it's unlikely
that it will necessarily stay that way
unless the data continue to come out in
a hawkish way. Don't we kind of know
what's going on a little bit more than
we did six months ago that it's a muddle
through or a declining picture for
people in the lower income cohorts?
They're really struggling. You see that
with cost of living concerns. You see
that also just with incomes that are not
keeping up with inflation. You see
though pretty robust spending by middle
and upper income consumers. You see that
consistently. That has continued. At the
same time that there is this expectation
for prices to go up. We heard that from
Walmart coming up in the upcoming
months. but also uh some potential
offsets with an increase in income from
the tax refunds. Why isn't that picture
pretty clear for people?
>> Well, I think I think it's increasingly
clear that we have a K-shaped type
economy continuing on to use the the
term that's been uh uh used a lot, but
um you know, even more than that, just
it's sort of a feast or famine economy.
So, uh, in addition to the wealthy doing
well and, uh, lower income people
struggling, you also have a situation
where people who have jobs actually are
keeping their jobs, but people who are
looking for jobs, especially young
people, are really struggling. I think
when we turn this back to the Fed,
though, it is it's it's less clear that
the Fed should really be reactive to
this. Yeah, please.
>> But that to me is the big debate, is it
not? What the Fed's role is in trying to
equalize a K-shaped economy, is that
their mandate? Is that something that
falls into their purviews or their
historical precedent?
>> I think right now clearly the the
consensus not universal but the
consensus is no. It's not something this
is among Fed voters I'm talking about.
The only Fed voter who has really pushed
on this idea pushed back on this idea is
New York Fed President Williams saying
we should uh we should explicitly look
at at at lower income people and focus
on them and setting our policy. And this
is a less strong dovish argument than
say Myron Waller and Bowman who are just
saying it's not even about that. It's a
bigger picture thing that everybody
needs help right now. Um but in terms of
really focusing in on uh the lower
income people, the people who may be
being left behind right now, I think
there aren't many voices on the Fed for
that.
>> Lisa brought this up earlier. So what if
they don't cut in December? Will there
be a ton of damage done if they're just
going to pick up the mantle next year?
Well, I think I think that's really that
that really is is perfectly encapsulates
Powell's argument, right? That uh what
did you see yesterday when the BLS
announced this? You saw market odds for
a December cut go down, but market cuts
for a January cut, market odds for
January cut go up. And so, a lot of the
thought is that, hey, wait a minute, you
know, we're just kicking the can down
the road by six or seven weeks here. um
we still have the option as the Fed to
to cut in January if we find that oh
that data that should have come out
prior to the December meeting did indeed
justify a December cut.
>> If the Fed does not cut in December,
does the chances of this Treasury
Secretary becoming the Fed chair
increase?
>> I think there's going to be if the Fed
doesn't cut, I think there's going to be
a pretty strong reaction both from from
the president and from his allies. Um I
I would say that that uh irrespective of
what the Fed does in December, uh the
president is is very likely to choose a
a someone who is a staunch loyalist. Uh
this has been his preference for posts
and this is a a post that's going to be
tough to fire uh someone from. So I
think Bessant, Waller, I'm sorry,
Bessant, Hasset, and I would say Myron
himself um all have a decent chance of
of getting this role. Could you be a
staunch loyalist and credible to
financial markets?
>> I think that uh yeah, you absolutely can
be. Um I think that it's it's a
difference of are you simply paring
talking points or are you making
arguments that are uh strong arguments
that hey, not everybody may agree with
but are logically uh consistent
arguments.
>> You can see how the calendar's set up,
can't you? December 10th, Fed meeting
probably don't cut. Six days later, some
terrible jobs data on the 16th and
around the same time, you get an
announcement of the new Fed chair from
the president in the oval alongside
whoever it might be. And that individual
could be very outspoken about what they
want to do with policy and what isn't
happening with policy.
>> Someone described it to me last night
though, the difference between the
staunch loyalist and someone that's
credible is that Trump respects Bessant
so much. So the markets know that he
will respect his opinion if say they
couldn't cut interest rates. Meanwhile,
other individuals that maybe head up
other organizations within the White
House feel that that is one way
direction of travel from the president's
mouth to that individual, not a dialogue
back and forth.
>> Of course, this conversation can change
in about 50 minutes time. If we get a
week, jobs print, people will be talking
about a rate on December 10th and it all
goes away, Bremo, and everything's going
to be okay. Happy Christmas.
>> May maybe it's okay if it's in the 18 to
32,000 range, at least not below that.
Look, there is a question and you're
raising it. You said smells like 50. And
I do wonder if you have the trajectory
you just talked about, no rate cut,
terrible data, then a new Fed rate chair
uh Fed Fed chair uh who is announced
whether the odds of a 50 basis point
rate cut in January skyrocket and I
think that that is a various due point.
>> David, it's good to see you. Thanks for
dropping by. Thank you sir. David Se
there of Neora. Let's give you an update
on stories elsewhere with your stories
worldwide. Your Bloomberg brief. Here's
Jihara with more. Hey yhara.
>> Hi John. A Black Rockck portfolio of
private credit loans has performed so
poorly that the money manager waved some
management fees, a rarity in [music] the
credit world. The portfolio value
declined enough to breach an
overcolateralized test. Black Rockck
declined [music] to comment. Meanwhile,
President Trump is signing a bill
directing the Justice Department to
release all records tied to the late
disgraced financeier Jeffrey Epstein.
President Trump had resisted the
release, but over the weekend told
Republicans he to support it. [music]
He's hoping to dismiss scrutiny of his
relationship with Epstein as a political
distraction.
And Meta's AI pioneer Yan Lun is
officially leaving the company. Sources
telling us here at Bloomberg [music]
Lun started his own company. Meta is
planning to partner with his startup,
but details are still being finalized.
[music]
The is known as one of the
godfathers of the AI industry and
reportedly openly criticized Meta's AI
strategies. [music] That's brief. John
>> Yhara, thank you. Appreciate the update.
Up next, a tale of two consumers.
>> The consumer has been struggling for a
while, especially on the lower end. That
upper end spend has really [music] been
able to carry things, not so much for
the retail sector because as a whole,
they need more than just the upper end
[music] except the very high luxury
stuff. Up next, we'll catch up with
David Banager of Missouo from New York
City. You're watching Bloomberg [music]
TV.
[music]
Equity futures positive. We're up by
1.2%. Still some things to play for this
morning. 8:30 Eastern time. The jobs
report just around [music] the corner
following some really decent numbers
from Nvidia. That's got the stock market
higher, high up by 1.7% on the NASDAQ
this morning. Under surveus this
morning, a tale of two consumers.
The consumer has been struggling for a
while, especially on the lower end. I
mean, you've seen some of that
delinquencies on the lower end in auto
loans, delinquencies on the lower end in
credit cards, but not on the upper end.
That upper end spend has really been
[music] able to carry things. Not so
much for the retail sector because as a
whole they need more than just the upper
end except the very high luxury stuff.
>> So here's the latest this morning.
Walmart reporting third quarter earnings
that beat estimates as it continues to
capture more higherend consumers. David
Bellinger of Missouo has an outperform
on the stock at 115 price target. And
David joins us now for more. David, good
morning.
>> Good morning.
>> What was your first reaction to what we
heard this morning?
>> Look, this was a really solid quarter.
So you had same source of sales growth
in the US up four and a half%. Some of
the buy side numbers were maybe closer
to five. So didn't hit the highest of
expectations, but they did raise the
guidance. You had this nice e-commerce
growth acceleration as well. The the US
e-commerce growth for Walmart's been
growing around 20%. This quarter was 28.
So a nice step up and within that the
really good number was paid delivery was
up 70% 70. Thought that was a typo when
I first saw but that's it's a big
number. Really good. And it shows you
that the mid upper income consumers
spending a lot at Walmart.
>> Whose lunch are they eating right now?
>> Look, it's it's uh widespread really. So
Target's got a lot of issues. I think
they're really, you know, Walmart's
really narrowing the gap versus Amazon
here, right? They they've got a great
fresh business, great grocery business.
Well, Amazon's trying to come back and
fight back a little on on grocery, but
Walmart's clearly the the leading player
in that space. And I think that's where
they get this frequency of purchasing.
and then it leads to other discretionary
type items.
>> I'm glad that you mentioned Amazon. It
does seem like Walmart wants to really
emphasize that its main competitor is
Amazon, not Target, by listing on the
NASDAQ rather than the New York Stock
Exchange. Do you think that that's a
feasible comparison? That that truly is
what's going on, that Walmart's biggest
competitor right now is Amazon, and
Walmart is essentially as much a tech
company as it is a retailer.
>> I' I'd absolutely agree. Amazon's their
their biggest competitor. Walmart is a
retailer. I I know they try to talk
about themselves as a tech company.
They're incredibly tech enabled, right?
Very very well ahead of the game versus
others. One thing that we spent a lot of
work on is this agentic technology and
agentic shopping and what that could
mean. And Walmart's really going all in
on this, spending a lot of time, a lot
of resources. Amazon's been pretty
opposed to this initially that maybe
they want to protect their advertising
business. It's 60 billion plus dollars
of revenue, really high margin. So I
think Walmart sees that as their true
potential to step in and narrow that
divide and basically get a lot of people
shopping through this agentic
technology.
>> For people who are not familiar with
agentic uh sales strategies, what does
that actually look like on the ground?
What will experience of wall shopping
online at Walmart be that it won't be at
say Amazon that you think will or won't
work?
>> Yeah. So so we don't have a perfect
example of this yet. It's all building.
There's there's been some uh some
sampling of this, but it's not
mainstream yet. But you'd basically
have, you know, chat GPT might become
your mainstream browser now instead of
Google. And you type in there, hey, I've
got a seven-year-old daughter. She wants
to have a K-pop demon hunter birthday
party. What do I need for 15 kids? And
it'll tell you everything you need. You
could have a one-click checkout to
Walmart. Things like that. or they'll
even preemptively order your groceries
for you. So the Walmart might know when
you're out of milk and eggs before you
do, hit you with a preemptive order, and
you're basically a Walmart customer for
life. I I think what could really push
this over the hurdle is Walmart Plus is
$98 a year. this uh membership they
have. If Walmart were to introduce, you
know, a chat GPT plus membership as a
perk of that, a $20 a month value, I I
think that would push a lot of people
into at least a trial of Agentic when
the technolog is right. May maybe that's
6 months from now, maybe that's 12
months from now, but soon. If if if that
membership perk comes out, I I think you
could drive a lot of attention to it.
>> Will other retailers follow?
>> They should. It it seems like everyone's
going down this path. Uh yesterday
Target announced a open AI partnership.
So we're seeing more and more of it, but
what Walmart's clearly one of the early
leaders, one of the first to do this,
and they're they're pretty much ahead of
the game at this point.
>> How have they been dealing with the
policy uncertainty around tariffs in
Washington? Because most recently, we
got tariff reductions on a number of
food items and Walmart basically is
America's groceryer. They get 60% of
Americans shop there for the groceries.
>> Yeah, that should definitely help. So
the a lot of the tariff dynamics have
been, you know, changing by the minute,
right? And what what Walmart's done
really well is they're passing along the
cost in these discretionary items, not
really touching the food category. So
that they've protected that really well,
unless you have a specific tariff on
bananas or something like you, you have
to raise that price. But the
discretionary items is where more of the
price increases are coming. What
Walmart's done really well is they've
taken their inventory levels down to
very tightly so that you don't have this
inventory risk, this markdown risk in
the next year. And they've also pushed a
lot of consumers into their marketplace
where they don't own that inventory,
right? And they they'll push the
inventory risk over to those marketplace
suppliers. If there's an item selling
really well, they'll go and buy all the
inventory out from the the marketplace
suppliers and take the risk, but they
know it's moving basically.
>> Can we finish on leadership? Sometimes
it's difficult to draw a distinction
between a company and its leader. Can be
good, can be bad. I think of JP Morgan
and Jamie Diamond, Disney and Bob Iger
at the moment. What is Doug Mc Doug
McMillan to to Walmart and how are
things going to change under John
Ferner?
>> Yeah, Doug has been huge. He's in our
view the most consequential leader at
Walmart since the founder and Sam
Walton. And they they've got an
incredibly deep bench though. So you got
John Ferner. He's going to step into the
CEO role early next year. He's been the
head of the US business for six plus
years. I think he joined Walmart in
1993. So he he's been around for a long
time. We're not worried at all about
this leadership transition. We we see it
as Doug basically going out on a high
note here and handing over the reigns
when you're switching to this, you know,
AI based Walmart, this agentic Walmart.
He's he's the right guy to take over.
Now,
>> we don't follow the company closely as
as you do. I just wonder if it came out
as as a surprise to you in the last week
or so because it certainly did to us.
Did it surprise you that he's stepping
down?
>> Yeah, I Doug's 59, but I thought he
might stick around for a couple more
years. Maybe he's gearing up for a
presidential run or something, right?
There's there's not a lot of bigger jobs
than the Walmart CEO.
>> He might have an interest in politics.
>> It's it's possible. I mean, he he speaks
really well at these events. He's uh he
knows how to talk to a room and yeah,
he's he's been great for Walmart.
>> David, it's good to see you. You too.
Thank you.
>> David Bellinger there of Missouo on
Walmart. A lot to discuss with this
company right now. The future of
spending and shopping. Bremo. You ready
for that chat? GBT preemptive buyin.
>> I mean, if someone could fill my fridge,
buy gifts for my kids, do all that for
me. I mean, I don't know. Let's see how
good of a job that they do. One thing,
as you were talking, I was looking at
the number of employees at Walmart
because that's going to be ultimately a
real question. And if Doug McMillan does
run for office, that will be a key
question that he has to ask. And what we
have seen is a complete stability in the
number of employees. Actually, it has
trended down to uh 2.1 million from 2.3
million back in 2016. So, it raises this
question. How much is this replacing
some of the operations that people used
to fill?
>> He's staying on as an adviser through
January of 2027. So, that means he would
have time to then run for the [laughter]
election in 2028 if
>> I like how you're there already.
>> You're already thinking
>> I sent some emails already. [laughter]
your point on aligning with the tech
story a little bit more and I think
where they've struggled to really draw a
comparison is to say look we're taking
on Amazon. This isn't about us and
Target anymore and I think the market's
probably got to that point now. It's
taken a while though because we often
talk about the comparison between a
Walmart and a Target. Target
unfortunately for Target it's kind of
not the story at all. Walmart's looking
firmly [music] elsewhere.
>> Real question now is how are they going
to expand on the entertainment side of
things. cloud. What extra steps are
[music] they going to take in this tech
metamorphosis?
>> So, this is weird, isn't it? It's a week
away from Thanksgiving, which feels
strange. I don't know where that's come
from. And [music] it's 34 minutes away
from a payroll report on a Thursday. All
of that still to come in the next hour.
[music]
>> The question now is are we facing a
bubble? You cannot get away from the
comparisons to the late 1990s.
>> The market's done a little bit of work
here to [music] take some of the froth
out.
>> These companies have a ton of free cash
flow and very low leverage.
>> I don't have a huge concern as to big
tech running out of cash anytime soon.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz,
[music] and An Marie Hordern.
>> This is it. It's payroll Thursday. It's
the last jobs report before the Fed's
next meeting. live from New York City
this morning. Good morning. Good morning
from our audience worldwide. The third
hour of Bloomberg surveillance stats
right now. Your scores look like this.
Equities up by [music] 1.3% on the S&P
500. The NASDAQ up by 1.75. Thank you,
Jensen. Thank you, Nvidia. [music] That
stock this morning by 4.83% in the
pre-market. The next leg of this story
this morning, the jobs report [music] 29
minutes away. The SMR survey around 50K.
The high north of 100,000, the lowg -20.
[music] The range is pretty wide going
into this one. And this one takes on
additional importance going into next
month's meeting.
>> Yeah, it's late. It's backward looking.
It's going to be noisy because it's
going to be potentially backfilled
[music] by some of the softness that we
saw in the prior months. And yet, this
is it. After this, we get retail sales
on November 25th. This retail sales from
September. [music]
And then as far as first tier data, we
get what? Jolts. I mean, other than
that, we don't really get much because
we don't get the uh November payrolls
report, [music]
any of the CPI reports, and yet the Fed
has to make a decision.
>> Fed's got to make that call and the Dubs
have got to convince the rest on the
committee to make a move. Tomorrow
morning at 8:30 [music] Eastern time,
Governor Myron's got to join this
program. Governor Myron's got a tough go
of it right now to convince the others,
the holdouts, the hawks, that they
should reduce interest rates. You need
some data on [music] your side, and
we're not going to get it. What's the
refresh for that argument? Honestly,
this is a very difficult one and I'm
very curious to hear [music] how Stephen
Meyer plays this. He's going to talk
about forward-looking. You can't just
necessarily skate to where the puck is.
You have to look at where the puck is
going. Whatever kind of hockey analogy
you want to talk about. Nonetheless,
given the meeting minutes that we got
yesterday, how [music] much push back is
he going to get that the economy is
fine, that they don't have
justification, especially given [music]
the expectation for some sort of
acceleration in the first quarter of
next year? I think Governor Myron needs
to make the point that they cannot make
a decision in December based off you've
outlined it stale data from September
[music]
which is why actually it would make more
sense if they could actually change the
calendar get the data first and then
make a more intellectual better decision
with more insight on what is actually
going [music] on the economy but it's
not just Stephen Meyer that has a
problem right now the president
yesterday was joking that there was some
truth to that he wants the Treasury
Secretary to fix it [music] he wants the
Treasury Secretary at some point
potentially put some pressure on the Fed
to [music] make sure that they are
continuing in this rate cutting cycle.
>> Just think about the calendar. Let's
take a beat, go through this. So, we get
the payrolls report at [music] 8:30
Eastern time. December 10th, the Federal
Reserve meets the 16th, you get an
update on all the data. Let's just
assume I [music] don't know what's going
to happen with this jobs report, but
let's assume it's a 50K. Everyone sits
around the table and goes, "Don't know
what we're going to do. Need more data.
Let's not cut interest [music] rates."
Then on the 16th, things are absolutely
dire. They're terrible. and the
president comes out and says, "New Fed
chair. Here's the replacement. I'm
making an announcement. We've got a new
Fed chair." That's the fireworks. I know
like I'm I'm writing a movie script
right now for financial markets, but
that's the fireworks potentially into
[music] year end around this story.
>> Well, I'll add to the fireworks. The
plot continues then in January with the
likelihood of a [music] 50 basis point
rate cut skyrocketing and potentially
following it up with additional such
moves later on especially if they can
[music] make the argument whoever the
new Fed chair is and some of the
compatriots on the FOMC that actually
they have been too late and they [music]
need to play catch-up. So there are a
lot of aspects to this movie.
Nonetheless, the fireworks will be
there. Stay tuned. Coming right up.
>> Things were super quiet. entermarie into
the oval office asking questions about
the Federal Reserve and it's back on a
table again. So the president [music]
turns around and says I'm going to make
a politically correct maybe a
politically correct nomination.
Important to note nomination because
[music] it's the Senate that's going to
do the confirmation later on this year
and I think or early next year and I
think that's going to be really
important [music] for this appointment.
If you think about the push back that
we're starting to see from Republicans
on Capitol Hill around certain issues,
there's potential for push [music] back
on this issue as well. So, if you want
to play it down the line, who out of
those five is politically correct?
[music]
>> Governor Waller, the most traditional
candidate he can take and someone that
already has been really shaping the
Federal [music] Reserve's view on what
happened with the labor market. We've
said it how many times he felt like Jay
Powell, that speech he gave in Jackson
Hole [music] was written by Christopher
Waller and then they agreed with him and
they cut interest rates. If they were
going to pick a traditional [music]
individual that has credibility even
amongst Democratic circles, it would be
Governor Waller. Yeah. Right now, I'm
looking right now into how much does the
market understand [music] the potential
risks if it's somebody who is perceived
as a connected to uh to President Trump.
Look, when it comes to Kevin Hasset, and
I think that we really have to
understand [music]
that Kevin Hasset seems like the front
runner here. The question is, how does
he distance himself enough from
President [music] Trump to get confirmed
at a time when he is perceived as
someone who is going to be overly
dovish, needs to play into President
Trump's hand, but also uh potentially
needs to be credible with the other
members and potentially the Senate and
and the and the banking committee.
>> We've got to talk about some single
stocks as well. In a moment, we'll talk
about Nvidia. Right now, I want to talk
about Walmart just briefly. in the
pre-market positive by about a quarter
of 1%. They came out decent numbers,
decent guidance, decent outlook. Walmart
right now though is having its own
success. And I think it's important to
point that out that yes, Walmart is
doing well. The stock is higher by a
half of 1% of the pre-market. But that
doesn't necessarily tell you that the
consumer, the American consumer or the
American economy is doing well. This is
not just a story about consumption. It's
a story of execution and taking on your
competitors. And so Walmart, just taking
a step back, has shifted its business
model significantly over the past couple
of years. They have moved from an
retailer that catered to the lower end
uh of the consumer base to one that
caters increasingly to high-end and
middle inome consumers. It has invested
heavily in technology and wants to be
seen more as a technology company or as
much of a technology company as it is a
retailer. Thus, the move from the a New
York Stock Exchange to the NASDAQ. Now,
there is a question of how much share
they're gaining and whether we can
really get a macro read from some of
their earnings and extrapolate that out
to what's going on with the consumer in
the way that it had been in the past.
What they are telling you is they are
seeing that weakness in the lower end.
They're seeing ongoing strength in the
middle and the upper end. They are
gaining share, competing on price, but
still having to raise prices. And this
dovetales with Nvidia. This is the
adopters. This is really the key
question. How many companies can do
this, have the scale to do this, and how
many will win because of the adoption
going forward, not just the uh the
semiconductor prowess.
>> Walmart up this morning by 0.4%, Nvidia
higher as well. Coming up this hour,
we'll catch up with Ed Lllo with stocks
rallying as Nvidia's earnings ease AI
concerns. Elsewhere, Kelsey Barrow of JP
Morgan asset management joins us as we
break down the latest jobs data. That
data 23 minutes away. And Sarah Malik of
New as December rate bets continue to
crumble. Let's turn to Nvidia.
Exponential growth on the horizon.
>> We're growing some 60% a year. Just
quarter to grow quarter growth of our
company as $10 billion. We grew an
entire size of a company just from in
one quarter. You're seeing an
exponential growth in the amount of
compute demand necessary for AI.
>> So here's the latest. The Nvidia CEO
Jensen Wang speaking to Bloomberg TV
following the chipmaker earnings report.
shares soaring in the pre-market by more
than 5%. The man himself interviewing
the man himself, Ed Ludllo, joined us
now for more. Ed, good morning, buddy.
Great job yesterday evening. What stood
out for you?
>> Yeah, it's the trifecta, right? The
demand is intact. And if you look at the
the performance of not just Nvidia's
shares this morning, but the shares of
every other name that's associated with
the data center buildout, they're all
higher because they believe what Jensen
said. Supply is intact. We have plenty
of Blackwells to sell. Um, and we're in
this ironic position where we went into
this earnings print with very high
anxiety about how high the bar was to
clear. Now, if you read the sellside
notes, people think that actually this
this figure they've given of $500
billion by the end of next calendar year
is a little bit conservative. Um, and
the final part is that he was infighting
talk about the competition. They just
don't see the competition being there.
And you know the anecdotes that Jensen
gave in the interview is that if
companies look at say custom A6 chips or
they look at Google's TPUs, they come
crawling back to Nvidia and say actually
we've looked at it. It doesn't work for
us. We'll stick with you.
>> Ed, we've made the point a few times
over the past few weeks that the story
around the company is solid. The story
around the stock is different. Did he
talk about that distinction at all how
the market has started to treat the
broader story around AI and the
ecosystem?
Yeah, I mean, you know, disputing an AI
bubble, saying, quote, "We see something
very different." That's not new, though,
right? You know, we had the opportunity
to ask him point blank about an AI
bubble on October 28th. And the argument
that he's making on the valuation side
is not the same as the markets one about
the strength of balance sheets and cash
flows being different to the dot era.
It's that there is software being
created by all kinds of uh companies. I
heard what Lisa said about Walmart,
right? Walmart has the strength to
invest in AI, but what's coming out the
other side in Jensen's mind is something
tangible that's actually useful and
worth paying for, be that the consumer
level, the enterprise level. And
Jensen's sticking to his guns on that.
Um, and and so, you know, are we in an
AI bubble? To his mind, we're not
because he sees revenues at all the
people that have invested in his
technology. At this point though, Ed,
you have to wonder whether the price of
some of these chips, in particular,
Blackwell as well as the Reuben chip
that will be coming out, how much it is
cost prohibitive to most of the
potential adopters to really enable them
to move into the next phase of AI
adoption, right? I this sort of coast to
the question of why they need to finance
some of their potential buyers because
it's so expensive to get these chips in
any kind of quantity.
>> Yeah. I mean uh to be fair you know
there are lots of questions that Jensen
just didn't answer. So I basically said
to him are you sure that open AI is good
for it? Um and you know his response is
well we're being disciplined in our
approach where we invest where we see
there'll be a return but he didn't
really answer the question. Um you know
OpenAI has you know a trillion dollars
of commitments around the world over a
long period of time and how they finance
it. um you know to Nvidia's mind they
might say they don't care but but there
is a concern around that side of the
bubble you know leverage um free cash
flow positions of some companies Oracle
is now uh in a negative free cash flow
position for the first time since the
early 90s so there are little cracks
appearing the problem is is that Jensen
just exudes confidence and doesn't
really answer the question
>> well there is this potential holy grail
for them which is being able to sell
some of the Blackwell chips and the
Reuben chips over to China and There
seemed to be some optimism on that front
based on President Trump's commentary.
How feasible do you think that that is?
>> Yeah, you know, this is still the the
balancing act that Jensen Wong is is
pulling off. The base case assumption is
zero revenues from China, but in the
course of the conversation, you know,
they want to be there. They'll continue
working with the administration,
continue working with um the the Chinese
government as well. But in the the
immediate term, the news flow of last
night was more really about the Middle
East. you know, the commerce department
has allowed them to sell those chips or
transfer the chips that were as part of
the the president's visit and delegation
earlier in the year, but with the
condition that Nvidia guarantees,
there's no diversion into China. So, the
national security tension against
wanting to be in that end market is
still there.
>> Ed, thank you for the update and once
again, nice work yesterday. Thank you,
Ed Ladello with the latest. Look out for
more from Ed on Bloom Technology
alongside Caroline Hyde in about 3 hours
time. And that stock is higher in the
pre-market by more than 5%. As we count
you down to the payroll report, let's
get you an update on News Worldwide with
your Bloomberg brief. Here's Yahihira.
Hey yhara.
>> Hi John. Harvard is launching a new
investigation into its ties to Jeffrey
Epstein after lawmakers released email
exchanges [music] with former university
president Larry Summers. Harvard's
Crimson student newspaper reporting as
well that Summers is leaving his
teaching role immediately amid the
probe. Meanwhile, President Donald Trump
joked that he would fire Scott Bessant
if the Treasury Secretary doesn't help
secure lower interest rates. [music]
Speaking at a US Saudi investment event,
Trump saying, "The only thing Scott's
blowing it on is the Fed, adding," rates
are too high, Scott, and if you don't
get it fixed fast, I'm going to fire
[music] you.
And speaking of, President Trump is
preparing to sign an executive order
that would allow the Justice Department
to sue states over AI regulations it
deems unconstitutional. The draft order
seen by Bloomberg directs the attorney
[music] general to establish a task
force that would challenge state AI
laws. That's Bloomberg brief. John
>> Yhara, thank you. More from Yhara later
on this hour. Up next, we'll get you
some more Nicole centered around stock
and video. Plus, we'll catch up with
Kelsey [music] Barrow of JP Morgan Asset
Management as we count you down to the
payrolls report. We'll get a preview
from Mike McKe. That data 16 minutes
away live from New York City this
morning. Good morning.
[music]
There are going to be many different
ways that Nvidia is going to continue to
see higher revenue um and running out of
their ecosystem. And I think it's also
important to note that these
hyperscalers will probably get much
bigger in nature here over the next 5 to
6 years. We've seen the the um the great
momentum out of two three earning season
from these hyperscalers. So we do think
those companies will continue to pave
the way.
>> That was Angela Zeno of CFRA on Nvidia
earlier on this morning. The numbers
yesterday afternoon pretty decent. The
guide strong. The market off to the
races into the opening bal up by 1.3% on
the S&P 500. On the NASDAQ 100 [music]
up by 1.8. Let's get you some morning
calls this morning. One stock in focus,
the big one, Nvidia. First up, JP Morgan
raising its price target to 250, seeing
the company gearing up for further
significant upside to revenues.
Elsewhere, Wedbush raising [music] his
price target on Nvidia to 230, saying it
results and guidance match by side
hopes. And finally, Evercore raising its
price target to a street high 352,
[music] noting increasing inventory and
supply commitments. The stock is up by
[music] 5%. So the AI trade this morning
is doing okay. How's the economy? This
from Walmart just moments ago. [music]
Lower income households are under
additional pressure. That ain't new.
That right there's the problem.
>> Yeah. And they talk about even though
there's resilience in the rest of the
[music] income levels, that really has
been the place that you have seen some
slight moderation. And that in the words
of the CFO John Rainey, a real question
here about how the Fed [music] addresses
this. And increasingly the question is,
is that the Fed's role? And will cutting
rates help or hurt some of the
inequalities that become evident in all
of the retail earnings, but especially
these from our [music] Walmart.
>> Walmart up by 1.2%. Jobs data around the
corner. Let's stay on the economy. The
payrolls report just about to cross in
about 13 minutes time. Bloomberg's Mike
McKe has a preview for us. Good morning,
Mike.
>> Good morning, John. Uh you ever go into
your refrigerator and there's something
in the leftover container and you don't
know how long it's been there and you
don't know if it's good. That's kind of
where we are here. Uh it's been about uh
50 60 days since the September data were
collected and so it's a little bit stale
or maybe a lot bit stale. We'll find out
at 8:30. Go back to uh the day before
which would have been September 4th.
It's supposed to be released and here's
what we were expecting at the time.
51,000 jobs. The consensus today hasn't
changed. I guess nobody figures they
they know anymore. Uh ADP if you
remember in September came at minus
29,000 and the whisper number on jobs
day in September was for 75,000. So got
a wide range there of what it could be.
We will get an unemployment rate. It's
not expected to be any different. 4.3%.
So guys, it's a kind of a question of
how bad the leftovers are. Yeah, I guess
if if they're bad, they might influence
thinking about the Fed, but if they're
as expected, this one will just sail off
into the night.
>> Not my apartment, not my refrigerator.
Mike McKe was speaking. Amarie was
pointing at me. That thing's orderly.
Everything's
>> John's apartment. Just a side note,
John's apartment is insanely organized.
Maybe me because I go on a lot of trips.
Sometimes I extend them. I
>> You said I've got time.
>> I do line up the yogurt. I do come
[laughter] home and end up having all
this stale goods. This is a report
employment report for my household.
>> We also get jobless claims. So that's
going to matter today because it's the
first one actual one calculated by the
labor department since uh the shutdown
began. So uh that will give us something
new at 8:30,
>> something fresh. Mike, thank you. Thanks
for getting us back on track. We
appreciate it. Kelsey Barrow of JP
Morgan Asset Management has this to say.
While the Fed may have been
uncomfortable with the lack of
government data, our conclusion from the
information that is available is that
the labor market continues to gradually
weaken. Cassie joins us now for more.
Cassie, good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Looking forward to having you through
the jobs number in about 10 minutes
time. Let's talk about that jobs number.
Is it stout? Does it make a difference
to the debate on December 10th?
>> Well, if we look at it, it's been 76
days since the last jobs report. So, if
anything was in my fridge for 76 days, I
would say yeah, um that's stale. Now, I
think the most important thing that
we've learned over the last 24 hours as
it relates to the rates market is the
new BLS schedule. Um so, the fact that
the Fed is not going to see the October
or November jobs report until after the
decision. And as a result, probabilities
that the Fed is going to cut in December
has come down. Now, I'm going to go into
a little bit of what the Fed could do or
will do versus should do. Now, what they
will do, I think, is probably skip the
meeting unless we get a really poor
payrolls report today because of the
lack of data because they are quote
flying blind. But I don't really believe
they're flying blind. You know, we've
all been in planes. You go in a plane,
you fly through clouds, you you fly
through uh fog, right? if I'm not a
pilot, but I'm pretty sure that when you
when a pilot is flying a plane, they're
not looking out the window, right? They
have all of these technical radars and
instruments that they're using. And
honestly, I think that there is enough
data out there for them to assess the
labor market and and as I said in that
opening to to view it as generally uh
weakening over time. And that's even if
this jobs report today comes out a
little stronger. And if we were to do a
whisper number, which I know we don't
have for today's number, I would say it
feels like the market is prepared for a
modestly stronger number relative to
what's on the echo screen for consensus.
>> So let's say it is moderately stronger
and you don't get a 25 basis point rate
cut next month. Does that mean that a 50
basis point rate cut in January is more
likely?
>> I don't think so. I think that they feel
moving gradually is appropriate,
particularly when you're so close to
neutral. Um, so I think that uh if they
do skip, we're we're still looking for
25 basis point rate cut in January. The
market has been very efficient in terms
of its repricing. So the past few days,
you've seen the probability of December
go down, but all of those rate cuts have
really just been pushed into 2026. And
the terminal rate for the Fed funds rate
hasn't actually changed very much. So
it's still around 3.1%
approximately. Um, so the market is
really looking at this as a skip, not a
pause, not a hold. And I think that the
dot plot is also going to communicate
that, meaning even if they don't cut in
December, the uh 2026 dot is going to be
below the current Fed funds rate.
>> I don't want to go back to this, but the
idea of the expiration date of the food
in your fridge. 76 day old Wonderbread
or canned beans are very different than
76 day old strawberries. And I just
wonder how useful it potentially could
be even if maybe you don't want to eat
it, you could eat it and not get sick. I
mean, is there something in this jobs
data that's going to be relevant to how
you see the trajectory for the Federal
Reserve?
>> Yeah, absolutely. Um, but what I would
say is if you look at the NFP chart, you
pull it up on on the Bloomberg terminal,
you you type in GP, what you're going to
see is a sawtooth pattern, right? The
the jobs numbers don't go in a straight
line. You you have a slightly hotter,
you have a slightly weaker. you have to
focus on the trend. Um, and so that's
what I'm going to be focused on in a few
minutes time. I'm going to be looking at
what the three and six-month moving
averages are. I'm also going to be
looking at how much of the jobs uh are
cyclical versus asy. So most of the
hiring that we've been seeing really in
the last 6 to 12 months has been asyical
hiring. Um, which is I think an
indication of the fact that the labor
market under the surface is a little bit
more squishy. why that matters for the
Fed. It doesn't mean that they need to
do emergency cuts, but it does mean that
if they do continue to cut, it doesn't
threaten their inflation mandate. And
that's really, you know, the question
here is if they continue to cut, does
that threaten their ability to get back
to 2% on inflation? And we would say no.
That we're not really seeing evidence uh
in the cyclical sides of the economy
that wages are reacelerating or the
labor market is retightening.
>> From your view, how political has
December gotten?
I'm not sure it's gotten particularly
political. I think this is actually more
about the fact that we are getting close
to estimates of neutral. And so every
single decision from here on out just
gets harder. And to be fair, um it is
harder for them without some of the data
uh that they had. So I wouldn't
necessarily say it's more political. I
just think that it's a tougher part of
the economic cycle to try to determine
what's going on. Amarie asked this
question earlier on. I'd love your view,
your opinion as a market participant,
how you would react if they delayed the
meeting until after the data dropped on
December 16th. Not saying they're going
to do that. Just as a market
participant, how would you respond to
that? Is that a good thing?
>> I would be very surprised. Um I think
the market would be very surprised. I
mean, that's
>> in a negative way, though.
>> I I mean, I'm thinking through this as
as you're laying it out. Um, and I guess
the market would probably uh view that
as the risk that the the data that
they're going to receive is weaker. Um,
and so, you know, the Fed wants to pause
so that they don't miss an opportunity
to cut and then have to wait all the way
till January, but it seems like a pretty
high hurdle. I mean, they put out those
dates for the schedule years in advance.
>> It's good to gauge some of this, though.
That's how a market participant would
think about it if they delayed the
meeting. Yeah, I thought that that was
savvy. In other words, it raises the
chance of them [music] cutting actually
above where they are now. That would be
how it's perceived in markets.
>> Kelsey Barrow of JP Morgan is going to
be sticking with us into the jobs
number. That jobs number drops [music]
in about 4 minutes time. Up next, Nita
Richardson of ADP will be here to react.
Mike McKe is here to break it down. The
jobs number up next.
>> [music]
>> So, here it is. A delayed payrolls
report dropping in on a Thursday. Very
strange [music] stuff. The September
jobs report, which turns out to be the
last jobs report before the December Fed
meeting. [music] This is where we're at.
The jobs report just around a corner.
Equity futures near session highs up
1.2% on the S&P 500. [music] Up by 1.7
on the Nasdaq. In the bond market,
yields look like this. Two, 10, 30s.
yields hired the front end by a single
basis [music] point with a jobs number.
Here's Mike McKe. Good morning, Mike.
>> Good morning, John. 119,000 jobs during
the month of September, better than the
double basically the forecast of 51,000.
So, it turns out to be a pretty good
number for the month and the
unemployment rate comes in higher 4.4%.
So, an argument on both sides of the
employment mandate there. Uh labor force
participation rate at 62.4. 4% goes up.
Average hourly earnings 2/10en of a
percent is lower than the 3/10en
forecast and the 3/10 in August. On a
year-over-year basis, that's 3.8%.
There's some base effects in there. Uh
and average weekly hours 34.2.
Uh the change in private payrolls
97,000.
Uh that's up from uh 39 38,000 in the
month of August. Uh they don't list any
necessarily revisions at this month.
I'll have to go deeper into that number
to uh to see if we have that. Uh the uh
September number of 119 comes after a
minus4,000
in August. August revised down uh to
minus 4,000. So uh that is a change uh
in the definitely in the outlook for the
labor market and that may have an impact
a bit on Wall Street. Jobless claims
come in at 220,000
lower than the uh 227 that was
anticipated. Doesn't tell us what the
prior week was. Uh but uh it does
suggest that things are okay. Uh don't h
Yeah, here we have the uh continuing
claims 1,950,000.
So that is uh lower than the last time
uh we got it which is 1,974,000.
Philadelphia Fed business outlook is the
other number that we got negative 1.7
that's better than the -2.8
uh that we had in the month of October.
That's not a government number of
course. So uh it is up to date. So
overall it's kind of a mixed picture on
the employment report. Good news in
terms of the number of jobs in
September, but not on the unemployment
side.
>> Mike McKe, thank you, sir. Stay close,
take a beat. We'll go through the market
action. So, this is the reaction about 2
minutes after the jobs report dropped.
Equities near session highs up 1.5% on
the S&P on the Nasdaq up by 2%. In the
bond market, look at what bond yields
are in. And we'll get into the why.
We're down three basis points to the
front end of the curve. 10s are down by
two. 30s are also down by two. So, allow
me to give you a preview of the Fed
meeting on December 10th. It goes
something like this. President Smith
walks in, bolts up the door, says no
chance. Look at payrolls 119. Massive
upside surprise. Governor Myron opens
the door again and says, "Wait a minute.
Look at revisions. Look at unemployment.
Look at continuing claims and the upside
surprise we've got there." And that's
the debate and how things are set up
between the Hawks and the Doves on the
FOMC next month.
>> Yeah. Your new career is going to be as
a script writer of the uh FOMC and what
actually happens there. I'm looking
right now at continuing claims. They
came in at 1.97
million. This is the highest level going
back to November of 2021 and comes in
tandem with the unemployment rate
rising. So Andrew Hollenhorse nailed it
when he was talking about how it's going
to be north of a 100,000, but it is not
going to be a good payroll number. And a
lot of people at the Fed will point to
the unemployment rate and to ongoing
continuing claims that keep creeping
higher and say look this is a soft
market and the demand is just not
keeping pace with the supply of jobs.
even if it is somewhat smaller than it
has been in the past.
>> Mike McKe, you want a second beat. What
do you see?
>> Well, we're looking at some of the
categories here and we see that uh
construction jobs were up by 19,000. In
August, they were down by 14. Goods
producing overall 10,000. So, uh
manufacturing falls by 6,000. Trade and
transport by 2,000. And uh it looks like
professional and business services down
by 20,000. the real strength in
education and health as always 59,000
gains. Leisure and hospitality gained
47,000.
Government gained 22,000 and that may be
uh somewhat uh of a diversion because of
course in October a lot of people fell
off the payrolls who had been fired
earlier by Doge. I think the one number
that stands out though is that August we
lost 4,000 jobs in the revision. That's
going to mean that we were set up for a
definite weakening and maybe we got a
bit of a bounce back in September, but
it's going to make the October numbers
that we will get in terms of number of
payrolls much more important.
>> Mike McKe, thank you sir. With the
latest jobs report, if you are just
joining us, an upside surprise on the
headline number, but plenty of nuance
beyond that. Slightly wonky, but another
number that's interesting is 80.2%.
Here's what's coming from the BLS today.
The September estimates from the
establishment survey include both data
collected on a normal schedule prior to
the shutdown and also September data
that businesses self-reported
electronically during the shutdown. As a
result, the establishment survey
collection rate 80.2%. For this initial
release of September 25 data is higher
than usual. So a higher quality report
if we can call it that.
>> Yeah. So what does this leave us? Does
this leave us with a good report or a
bad report? And you talk about how it's
going to be a roar shock test. That
said, the fact that this is backward
looking at 76-day old uh data at the
same time that you're seeing the ongoing
continuing claims tick even higher does
seem to indicate there could be some
kind of shift on the FOMC that leans
toward where the market would like it to
be.
>> Nila Richardson of ADP joins us now for
more. Nila, welcome to the program. Some
timely data, some not so timely data.
How are things set up in the labor
market from your vantage point?
>> So, the rule in my house is three days
and it's out. That's why we have a
weekly [laughter] index there. But I I'm
going to say that good news, bad news.
It's always good news to see job gains.
So I am cheering this September number.
I'm cheering the fact that seems a bit
stronger in terms of the response rate.
But I have to go back to August because
that's where uh the ADP numbers and the
BLS numbers are almost in sync. We saw
4,000 drop in August at ADP. uh and and
that's very similar to what the BLS saw
as well. So going into September uh
there's strength there, but we note that
in October that strength may have been
mullified. September is an easy month
for seasonal adjustment. There's not as
much hiring, but when you go into that
October, November, December period of
seasonal workers, uh it's going to be a
little bit more challenging to offset
the seasonal factors. And to note the
the private sector was driving this uh
jobs report but it was the
consumerfacing private sector that
really carried the water in this jobs
report. So so goes the consumer when it
comes to health care when it comes to
leisure and hospitality. So goes the
labor market. Uh the connection between
the consumer and the labor market has
never been stronger. Uh when you look at
this report right now,
>> Nila, given that backdrop, does this
give you the justification in your head
for the Federal Reserve to cut rates
next month? If you could just sort of go
there and get a sense, is this a strong
read or a weak read in your view?
>> The whole context of uh the Fed view of
the labor market is that labor demand
and labor supply are falling in lock
step. I think this report challenges
that notion because you see what you see
is that the unemployment rate ticked up
and on the consu uh worker side you also
saw a bit of a rise in the labor force
participation rate. To me that suggests
that more people came into this market
looking for work and didn't find it. And
that's especially supported if you look
at the continuing claims number that is
continuing to edge up telling us it's
taking longer to get a job. This is a
highly concentrated labor market. Only a
few sectors are strongly producing jobs.
It makes it challenging for workers with
a general skill set to find employment.
And I think that's what's going to
challenge the Fed in December. It's not
just a strong jobs market they have to
look at at the demand side. It's how the
supply side is fairing in a very
concentrated labor market.
>> Does a Fed rate cut change this picture?
I guess that is the key question that
everyone keeps sort of coming back to.
>> Well, if this data is backwardlooking,
uh, a Fed policy move is very much
forwardlooking, right? We won't
immediately see the effect of a rate cut
on Main Street. It will take several
months for that uh apparatus to to
trickle in. Especially when you look at
the key way that uh Fed policy
transitions into Main Street is through
uh the borrowing markets, through the
credit markets. Are consumers positioned
right now for those big ticket
purchases? A house, a car, a
refrigerator that really drives the
labor market forward in terms of new
hires. I think when you come to the
holiday season, that's where the rubber
meets the road. That's where the
disconnect between the wealthy consumer
and the low-end consumer really matters
because if that low-end consumer that
lowincome consumer can't purchase in the
way same ways they do over the holidays
generally then we won't get the the
growth factor leading into uh the first
quarter of the year. So, a lot is going
to be borne on the shoulders of that low
income consumer over the next three
months, both when it comes to seasonal
hiring and when it comes to seasonal
spending.
>> Neil, good to hear from you as always.
Nita Richardson there of ADP on the
labor market. If you are just tuning in,
the number dropped just moments ago.
Payrolls came in at 119. That's an
upside surprise. The estimate was 51K.
That's a big upside surprise, but a lot
of nuance elsewhere. Few other data
points to point out. Negative revisions.
Unemployment climbing to 4.4%. 4% from
4.3. The estimate was for that to stay
at 4.3%. And some more timely data if
you're looking at continuing claims.
Continuing claims the wrong kind of
upside to price. So if you're out of
work in America at the moment, it's
getting harder and harder to get back
into the labor force. And that's what
you see from that number almost
repeatedly over the last several months.
To get the market reaction, equity
futures still near session highs on the
S&P 500 and on the NASDAQ supported by
decent earnings from Nvidia. Bond yields
off the back of this initially lower.
They stay lower down by three basis
points on a two-year at 355. Kelsey
Barrow of JP Morgan still with us.
Calcy, you've had 10 minutes to go over
these numbers. What jumps out to you?
>> Yeah, so first of all on the market
reaction, clearly the market was
somewhat prepared for a stronger number
as it relates to September. Um but then
what you had uh in the mix of it is a
number of things that uh pointed to less
strength than just the headline number
alone. So to me, you know, the number
the things that stood out were the
unemployment rate moving higher and on
an unrounded basis that actually moved
to 4.44.
So not far away from 4.5.
So you know that's a meaningful thing to
me. Continuing claims also new cycle
high as you mentioned it means it is
harder to find a job. And then the third
thing I would say is the concentration
of job growth is still very high. So, as
I see it, 59,000 jobs created in
healthcare and education, which is an
asyical area of the economy. Um, and
that's more than half of the job gains.
Uh, where you have the cyclical areas
like manufacturing, professional
business services, negative.
>> Are you saying there's a chance we might
get a rate cut next month?
>> Yeah, this this really is a interesting
development. I mean, our base case has
been that you will see a December rate
cut. We tempered our expectations
because of the announcement from the
BLS. But you know, our general view is
that the Fed is going to maintain an
easing bias and that's ultimately what's
important. What's most important for the
Fed is that the labor market is cooling
and as a result it means they're able to
cut rates without threatening their
inflation objective. We see wages
continue to moderate. We see inflation
outside of tariffs as fairly benign. the
bond market tends to agree with us as it
relates to um you know, you look at the
inflation market itself. Um fairly
benign pricing there. And so I I think
uh this is an interesting report uh that
leaves uh December potentially still on
the table, although it's it's going to
remain a pretty close call.
>> If they do uh if they decide not to cut
in December, do you get more conviction
to go into long duration bonds? the idea
that this will actually will cause the
cracks to widen that we're seeing in the
labor market.
>> So, I think what we've experienced over
the last few weeks uh are great examples
of fixed income behaving the way that
you would expect in periods when uh the
market is trading risk off uh serving as
the balance serving as the diversifier
within your portfolio and that obviously
comes down to having duration in your
portfolio. So, that is something that we
have liked. uh we have a range for the
tenure of 375 to four and a quarter.
When we're at the top of that range, you
have the opportunity um to increase that
position. Uh when we move down to the
bottom of that range, we need to be uh
thinking about two things. Are we still
in a soft landing or is the economy
changing? If we're still in a soft
landing, there's a limit to how much
lower yields can go. if we are concerned
about a harder landing um you know then
there's there's even more space uh for
rates to rally from here.
>> Kelsey, you brought up a great point.
We're a hair away from that line in the
sand really that Jay Powell's outlined
4.5% unemployment rate. We were almost
just there. Isn't that going to give the
impetus on the Fed that they should be
concerned with the labor market?
>> Quite possibly. But I do think that
there there are still two uh core groups
that are going to uh not necessarily
change their view as a result of this
jobs report. I I just don't think it's
enough. So that the people who wanted to
stay on hold probably aren't going to
look at this immediately and say I I
need to change my view, but they may be
more likely to be less um vocal in terms
of their descent. Um so it's kind of a
maybe a nuance there of uh they're less
uh intensely against it because they are
seeing that there are things happening
on the other side. But you know for
those who are more concerned about
inflation that picture hasn't changed.
We didn't get any new data on inflation
yet. Maybe a little bit on the wage side
but you know that's that's limited. Um
and you know they can still say four
four and a half% that was what was in
our forecast. So, not surprising us to
the upside and still a relatively low
unemployment rate versus history.
>> Kelsey, good to see you. Thanks for
doing this.
>> Absolutely.
>> Thanks for your time. Kelsey Bar there
of JP Morgan Asset Management. She says
there's a chance you might get a rate
cut next month. Let's get you an update
on stories worldwide with your Bloomberg
brief. Here's Yhira. Hey, Yahara.
>> Hi, John. Recapping the jobs data we got
moments ago. The US adding 119,000 jobs
in September, over double the average
estimate in our survey. The unemployment
rate ticking up to 4.4% [music]
and average hourly earnings rising 0.2%
from the month prior. Weekly jobless
claims for the [music] last week came in
at 220,000.
That was below estimates. Meanwhile,
Republican lawmakers are resisting
President Trump's proposal to [music]
send $2,000 checks to workingclass
households next year. The White House
says the checks would be funded by
tariff revenue, but lawmakers prefer to
use the money to reduce [music] the
deficit. And New York City Mayor elect
Zoran Mdani is visiting President Donald
Trump at the White House tomorrow. The
meeting marks the first time [music] the
two leaders and political polar
opposites will come together since the
election to discuss how they can work
together. President Trump [music]
threatened to pull federal funds for New
York following Mumdani's election. Dr.
Bloomberg [music] brief. John
>> Yara, thank you. Thanks for this
morning. Up next, Sarah Malik of New on
the odds of a December interest rate
cut. Plus, Danny has your morning
movers. AI stocks rising across the
board following Nvidia's blockbuster
earnings report from New York City.
[music] You're watching Bloomberg TV.
Clearly the market was somewhat prepared
[music] for a stronger number as it
relates to September. Um but then what
you had uh in the mix of it is a number
of things that uh pointed [music] to
less strength than just the headline
number alone. So to me, you know, the
number the things that stood out were
the unemployment rate moving higher and
on an unrounded basis that [music]
actually moved to 4.44.
So not far away from 4.5.
Something for everyone in this morning's
jobs report going into the next Fed
decision about a month away. Kelsey
Barrow of JP Morgan Asset Management
there. Off the back of that jobs number,
we're high by 1.6% on the S&P. The
NASDAQ up by two percentage points. With
your movers into the opening bell,
here's Danny Burger with more. Hey
Danny.
>> So, we got through the risk events of
the past 12 hours. The jobs report, one
of them, Nvidia after the bell
yesterday. You've seen the reaction all
morning. It's a rise in the pre-market
for 5% [music]
after they beat a strong guidance when
it came to their sales. So, Nvidia
shares trying to push back against this
notion that there [music] is bubbles.
That's certainly what Jensen Hong was
talking about yesterday with Ed Ledllo.
Elsewhere, all the AI related stocks
doing really well today, including the
likes of Coree, those shares up 10%
after losing [music] nearly 50% over the
past month. AMD, one of Nvidia's
competitors, those shares [music] up
3.7% in the pre-market. Finally, we also
heard from Walmart this morning. For
them, the shares have been going back
and forth, but now [music] decisively
higher, up by about 3.8%,
3.6% at the moment. It was a beat on
[music] their revenue. They increased
their sales guidance for the second time
this year. Also, in their announcement,
they announced that they would be moving
their listing to the NASDAQ from the New
York Stock Exchange, saying [music] that
they want to emphasize their technology
focus. John
>> Danny, thank you. Looking forward to the
show alongside Matt Miller [music] in
about 10 minutes time. Looking ahead to
the Federal Reserve meeting, Sarah
Malik, the CIO of New writing, December
rate cut is a tossup, but three rate
cuts are expected over the next 12
months as the Fed leans incrementally
doubbish in the second half of 26. Sarah
joins us now for more. Sarah, welcome.
We've got to reflect on the data just
moments ago. Something for absolutely
everyone. Does it change the debate for
December 10th on the FOMC?
>> Well, we got two new data points today
to help us determine whether we're going
to get that rate cut in December. This
is first of all economic data trickling
in with this employment data and also
technology and consumer earnings. So
first of all on the payrolls number for
it's September the number is stale.
There's something for everybody in it.
While we beat on payrolls we have
downward revisions and increasing
unemployment rate. So I think that's
mixed in general. We saw the odds of a
rate cut move up from 30% to 40% on this
number for December. Second the good
news is earnings which has been the good
news for the past few weeks. Nvidia
earnings strong. Walmart showing the
consumer is still shopping. That's good
for earnings and good for large cap
tech. The bubble that people were
talking about in the markets was mostly
in unprofitable tech and speculative
tech, but I think from here given Nvidia
soothing the markets, tech will lead. We
will get three rate cuts over the next
12 months, but December still a tossup.
We may approach close to 50% chances of
a rate cut, but most of the Fed has been
leaning hawkish recently. We heard that
in the Fed minutes yesterday. Sarah, you
said that tech will lead and this is an
important point. Will tech lead because
the Fed has been more reluctant to cut
rates aggressively or will it lead
despite the fact that the Fed is more
reluctant to cut rates?
Tech leads for two reasons. The first
one is a moderately weakening economy.
We are seeing that in the payroll data.
And second is a slower pace of rate
cuts. The moderate growth is good for
tech because they have their own
structural drivers. artificial
intelligence is alive and well. We can
debate when will we see the ROI on all
of the dollars spent on AI, but we will
see AI continue to increase productivity
for companies and eventually boost their
revenues. That that's the main
structural driver for technology stocks
and think they will continue to lead
from here unless the economy shows
significant signs of accelerating or the
Fed dramatically decreases rates.
>> Talk about time Lee. Speaking of the
labor market, this from Verizon just
moments ago. Today we will begin
reducing our workforce by more than
13,000 employees across the organization
and significantly reduce our outsourced
and other outside labor expenses. Sarah,
efficiency and operational efficiency.
Is that going to be a big theme for next
year?
>> I think two themes will be for 2026.
First of all is that efficiency because
of artificial intelligence. Every
company seems to be talking about that.
And also because of inflation, we're
hearing more and more about
affordability and actually some
decreases in tariffs in areas like beef
and coffee. Is is the economy still
affordable for the consumer? Hearing a
lot out of Walmart Walmart on that
today. Those are two themes I think that
are bubbling up and will continue
through 2026 as we talk about how are we
going to incorporate the value of
artificial intelligence into our
business models.
>> Sarah, just before you go, top picks
right now into the new year. What are
they at the moment?
>> We love infrastructure. infrastructure
is has tailwinds more building in the
United States. Shift to artificial
intelligence and electrification of our
economy. One stock in particular,
Nysource, an Indiana based utility will
be a nice play on this. It's one of the
fastest growing utilities in the region.
And we also like more conservative
stocks that grow their dividends,
dividend growers also. And Nource is one
that pays a 3% dividend yield.
>> Very cool. Sarah, thank you. Good to
hear from you as always. Sarah Malik
there of New Danny put it well. The risk
events are over. They're in the rearview
mirror now. We've had the jobs report,
we've had Nvidia, we've had Walmart. Can
we open the door to a year-end rally, or
do we need more?
>> Well, we need the post uh risk event
spin, which is clearly what is going to
happen and is it going to happen? We are
getting word from Beth Hammock, for
example, of the Cleveland Fed, where she
says she's very concerned about a
potential financial stability risk
should the Fed cut rates into an
economy. That's okay. Look, you can pick
your poison with this and ultimately the
swing voters on the Fed are going to
make the biggest difference.
>> There's something for everyone. As
Jonathan and you have been saying this
entire program, I think Governor Myron
tomorrow is going to be leaning on 4.44%
unemployment rate. We [music] are just a
hair away of 4.5% and continuing claims
going up.
>> Coming up tomorrow, Cameron Dawson of
New Edge [music] Wealth, Stuart Kaiser
of City, Gil Laura at DA Davidson, and
that guy right there, Fed Governor
Steven Murray joining the program at
8:30 Eastern time. Looking forward to
that from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Thank you for choosing
Bloomberg TV. Have a wonderful day. S
whistling back surveillance.